{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh14160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Read me for The Ringbuilders EV Nova plug-in, testing version.
\b0 \
\
This plug-in expands the Kontik probe mission in EV Nova into a full storyline.\
It is essentially complete, but only tested by me.  It was developed using Mission Computer, on a Mac running OS X.  I have no reason to think it will not work on another OS, but it has only been tested on a Mac.\
\
For testing purposes, a link between two systems(which will quickly become apparent) is included which will not be in the final version.\
\
I'd appreciate help with anything from pointing out typos in descriptions, to suggesting ways to make the missions appropriately challenging, to correcting bugs. \
\

\b \ul IMPORTANT\

\b0 \ulnone \
\ul First\ulnone , I haven't tried it, but I'm quite sure it will NOT work with an existing pilot, as it relies on governments and planets being as they are when you start the game initially.  On the other hand, although again I haven't tested it, it should be possible to pick up a major storyline after completing the one in this plug, which has been designed not to conflict with any of the major storylines.\
\
\ul Second,\ulnone  this plug has not been tested with any other plugs, and was designed using existing plugs as a reference for unused resource ids and mission bits, thus it will most likely NOT work with many other plug ins.\
\
\ul Third\ulnone , there are a couple of problems, or intentional omissions, I am aware of, and I would welcome suggestions for fixing them:\
\
1.  Random standard EV missions are offered in places which are not consistent with the plug's storyline.  I may try to correct this, but I am hesitant to mess with the mission bits associated with them because I don't want this plug to foreclose accepting them later, when the new story is complete. I'm always disappointed when I complete a major storyline and have to start a new pilot to do anything new, and am committed to this plug-in providing a supplement rather than replacement of the standard missions and storylines. \
\
2.  For the most part, the missions are not set up to accommodate failed and aborted missions within the confines of the story.  I recommend reopening your pilot file if you fail or accidentally abort a mission and want to keep the storyline consistent.  For the most part, failing a mission does nothing to the control bits so you can just go and accept it again(even if the failure involved allowing someone to be killed).  In some cases, however, doing this will have odd results, like extra escorts or enemies appearing.\
\
3.  The legal status and government standing has been problematic for me.  I think I have it pretty well worked out, but you may encounter instances when a government that should be friendly is not, and vice versa.\
\
\ul Fourth\ulnone , this plug-in was made without knowledge that it was not the first to expand the Kontik probe mission.  The original title "Beyond Kontik" has been tentatively changed to "The Ringbuilders", to avoid confusion, but the other title may be here and there in the plug-in.\
\
\ul Fifth\ulnone , you will notice that some landing graphics are missing and others do not match the description.  I have no artistic ability and am hoping that someone will contribute landing graphics, but if that doesn't happen I'll eventually go through the existing Nova graphics and find one's that match sufficiently.\
\
\
Please e-mail beyondkontik@gmail.com with any problems or suggestions.  \
\
Thanks!\
\
}