{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green0\blue238;\red250\green252\blue254;\red34\green34\blue34;
}
\paperw11899\paperh16839\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11840\viewh9180\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\i\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 ARPIA2\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone A plug-in for Escape Velocity: Nova
\i0\b0 \ul \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs26 \cf2 \ulc2 http://www.arpia.be/arpia2
\fs24 \cf0 \ulc0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone by Pace (creator of the plug, in every aspect except for graphics)\
and his ARPIA Team: 
\i Darth Bob
\i0  (landing pics), 
\i Insomniac
\i0  (planet graphics), 
\i Modesty/Modesty Blaise
\i0  (outfit graphics, Hogun ship graphics adaptation, Arpia ship graphics, gas miner [+ movie] and planetary explosion), 
\i pipeline + pstan + -8- + Eyeya
\i0  (Arpia ship graphics) and 
\i Requiem
\i0  (planet graphics), along with Pieris (feature and mission ideas) and Prime (original ideas for Hogun ship graphics)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'a9 2004-2010 Peter "Pace" Craddock\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Windows users: if you are having trouble reading links included in this file, try opening in another reader.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Please e-mail questions, feedback, comments, bugs, \'85, to\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 peter@arpia.be\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
or visit the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.arpia.be/forum/"}}{\fldrslt ARPIA forums}}:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 \ul http://www.arpia.be/forum/\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 For riddle-solving help:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.arpia.be/riddle.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.arpia.be/riddle.html}}\
\
For "Investigation on X" help:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.arpia.be/X.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.arpia.be/X.html}}
\b0 \ul \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf1 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 ReadMe summary:\ul \
1. Description\
2. Plug details + 
\b Installation instructions
\b0 \
3. FAQ (When the storyline starts, riddle questions, \'85)\
4. Licence\
5. Special thanks\
6. Very special thanks\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 1. Description:\ulnone  
\b0 \cf1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
A man, with 5 guards in his vicinity, approaches your ship as you land.\
"Hello, my name is Ekrid Malrow, and I represent the company known as the Anti-Raider and Pirate Intelligence Agency, ARPIA for short.  Arpia offers its services everywhere in space.  We are here for the protection of Traders and other non-military people."\
\
This plug-in adds 3 new major storylines to EV Nova, woven in parallel.  Have you ever wanted to play the regular member, not the public figure?  Or the person who stays in the shadows?  In ARPIA2 you get to choose your path.  But beware: one choice can change the future, and the future holds many surprises\'85 Do you have what it takes?\
At first, it is a new system made available once you get to know Arpia (if you succeed in finding it).  It soon becomes a gold mine for new ships and outfits.  Though that is not the only gold mine.  Due to this new application of their properties, the market in Gwaark Bacteria has taken massive proportions, and there is money in it\'85  It has always been everyone's dream to fight off entire fleets by oneself, to become a big-time rich trader, to do covert ops and to know everyone, everywhere.  Well, here's your chance.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \ul 2. Plug details:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
For IDs of used resources, open the plug-in with an editor.\
\
Bits used:\
860 through 994, 2000 through 2080\
M\'efsn used:\
919 through 1127\
\
Files included:\
ARPIA2 Data 1\
ARPIA2 Data 2\
ARPIA2 Graphics\
ARPIA2 Graphics 2\
ARPIA2 Music 1\
ARPIA2 Music 2\
ARPIA2 Ships\
credits.mov\
gasminer.mov\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 Installation instructions
\b0 :
\i0 \
For Mac:\
Included in the package is an automatic launcher of ARPIA2 for those who have EV Nova 1.1 for Mac. No installation is then necessary, as long as you do not move files around.\
If you do not have MacNova 1.1 or do not wish to use the automatic launcher, first un-bin/expand all files in the "Plug-Ins" folder.\
Put the all files that are included in the "Plug-Ins" folder into your Plug-ins folder. Please remove any other plug-ins, as compatibility is not at all guaranteed (read further along for details).\
Note for EVN 1.1 Mac users who do not wish to use the automatic launcher: the method for installing plug-ins under EV Nova 1.1 is different. Plug-ins must be put in the following folder:\
~/Library/Application Support/EV Nova/Plug-Ins/ ("~" designates your User folder). The Plug-Ins folder is created when you first launch EVN 1.1.\
For PC:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \cb3 1. Go to http://my.smithmicro.com/downloads/trials/standard_win.html and download the latest trial of Stuffit Standard (Stuffit Expander, which we need, will work beyond the trial period).\
2. Ensure "Hide Extensions of Known File Types" is switched off in the Windows Explorer Folder Options.\
3. Under Edit-->Application options-->Cross platform, select the option "Encode the data and resource forks for each file together into MacBinary format".\
4. Right-click the archive and select StuffIt -> Extract All Here.\
5. Drag-and-drop the resulting .bin files onto the "Convert Plug-ins.exe" program in your Nova folder.\
6. Read the ReadMe to find out how to install the converted plug-in files. If it doesn't say, or there's no readme, place them in the Nova Plug-ins folder.\
If you have any problems, read the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://evn.wikia.com/wiki/PC_Plugin_Conversion_Tutorial"}}{\fldrslt PC Plug-in Conversion Tutorial}}.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Compatibility:
\i0  It is compatible with MacNova 1.1 and with WinNova 1.0.A (1.0.10), and should also be compatible with all other older versions (but I will not vouch for those prior to 1.0.6). For WinNova 1.0.6 users, I would suggest upgrading, due to the number of bug/crash fixes that have come around since then, but it is not completely necessary. The two consecutive posts I made {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ambrosiasw.com/forums/index.php?showtopic=105342&st=25&gopid=1599191&#"}}{\fldrslt here}} explain the compatibility issues between ARPIA2 & WinNova 1.0.6.\
Note: you must register EVN to use plug-ins.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 I
\b0  
\b very much doubt
\b0  it will work with other plug-ins because of the range of resources used (notably the missions: almost all slots are taken up).  \ul Use with other plug-ins at your own risk\ulnone .  (To check compatibility, open both plug-ins with an editor)\
Known compatible plug-ins: Qaanol's plug-ins\
Known incompatible plug-ins: PlugPack\
\

\b Play with a new pilot, one who has not yet taken part in any storylines!
\b0 \
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \ul 3. FAQ:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Q: Where are the new systems?
\i0 \
A: Get the first mission, and start the story.\
\

\i Q: How do I get the first mission?
\i0 \
A: Read the Walkthrough.\
\

\i Q: I have started the story but still can't find the systems. Where are they?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 A: Continue the story. You'll get to it at some point\'85\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Q: I can't figure out the riddle! OMG, what am I going to do??
\i0 \
A: First, keep calm. Secondly, take each step at a time by reading the whole clue (a clue is a paragraph). Thirdly, each answer to the clue will help you for the next one, and some clues help you for the previous one(s). Last of all, make sure you don't forget the very last paragraph. It contains the details about the system itself, and about how to find the "key" inside it\'85\
\

\i Q: Hm\'85 still don't manage.
\i0 \
A: Here's my big tip: try to work out the riddle with a map open in front of your eyes.\
\

\i Q: Argh! Still not managing.
\i0 \
A: Lazybones or cheater? Go to the bottom of the ReadMe.\
\

\i Q: I figured out the answer, but nothing happens. Nothing is present in the system in question.  What's wrong?
\i0 \
A: Inside the door, ye shall find the key\'85 Look in the 
\i right
\i0  place, that's all.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \ul 4. Licence
\b0 \ulnone \
\
ARPIA2 is copyrighted material: \'a9 2004-2010 Peter "Pace" Craddock. All rights reserved. Unauthorised reproduction is strictly prohibited.\
All graphics are the intellectual property of their maker. If you wish to use any graphics, contact their creator directly or contact me, and I shall put you in contact with them.\
\
\

\b \ul 5. Special thanks to:
\b0 \ulnone \
\
Mark Hettenbach, for the original (but altered) Anti-Missile Beam & Wraithii Generator weap & outf resources of his Reset Missions v9 Plug-in. The Reset Missions v9 Plug-in is copyrighted material. Thank you for permission to use them.\
\
Christopher Buchholz, a.k.a. Terek E ' Ban, for the Observationsdeck outfits and its images and the modified First, Comm, Sensor, Ops, Tactical & Engineering Top Notch Officers and its images (original idea by MacDevil - Officers 1.0 plug-in) from the Extra Outfits Part 1 plug-in of the PlugPack v16. The Extra Outfits Part 1 plug-in is copyrighted material. Thank you for permission to use them.\
\
Agee, a.k.a. MacDevil, for the Frandall resurfacing idea (in Unity) and also for the First, Comm, Sensor, Ops, Tactical & Engineering Top Notch Officers ideas of his Officers 1.0 plug-in wich were modified and used in the Extra Outfits Part 1 plug-in of the PlugPack v16. The Officers 1.0 plug-in is copyrighted material. Thank you for permission to use them.\
\
Hudson, for the help with the formatting of the Hogun transmission.\
\
ArcAngel Counterstrike, for the original (but altered) o\'fctf resource and image of the Advanced Solar panels. Thank you for permission to use them.\
\
All the first Arpia "fans", without whose requests and comments I probably wouldn't have done this plug-in. And your patience! Thank you!\
\
General11, kitkut, prophile and Steelix for their support.\
\
Rik "rmx256" Gresham, for his support throughout development and for deciding not to continue testing due to his Kemet Total Conversion for EV:N, for reasons I shall not develop any further.\
\
Belthazar and slouch, for their thorough PC beta-testing, and Belthazar again for his fabulous "PCNova_Crashes" list for WinNova 1.0.6.\
\
Guy, for his very thorough Mac beta-testing (though he only had a week to do so), for retouching the Officers images and for his plug-in launcher for MacNova 1.1.\
\
Andrew "LiAnNaSu" Moscoe, for helping me make Spaceball a reality.\
\
Jacabyte, for his assistance on the Arpia boards.\
\
My brother Philip, for testing the Mac version and telling me what really didn't go well, and for so many other things that can't be listed in a simple ReadMe.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul 6. Very special thanks to:
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 The original EV:Genesis team 
\b0 [back in the days where we used xsorbit as a board] (Aelran, bmac, Darth Bob, Darth Eddy, Prime, Requiem, Swithich and stlyesom), for their original input.\
\

\b The ARPIA Team
\b0 , who helped me with different aspects of the plug I was incapable of doing by myself, from graphics to features, for their testing, and for their continued support, advice and encouragement.\
It has truly been a pleasure and an honour working with you all:\
\
-  
\b Steve "-8-" Chick (ATMOS)
\b0 , for the ATMOS Arpian ships. 
\i Honourary team member, brought to the plug-in by Dafydd.
\i0 \
\
-  
\b Ed "(The Real) Darth Bob" Paget
\b0 , for the UVP-018/Nova Bruocsella, Hogun and Culuria landing graphics.\
\
-  
\b Scott "Eyeya" Vardy (ATMOS)
\b0 , for sketches of the ATMOS Arpian ships. 
\i Honourary team member, brought to the plug-in by Dafydd.
\i0 \
\
-  
\b Greg "Insomniac"/"persondude" Haworth
\b0 , for his modifications (and sometimes re-design) of the UVP-018/Nova Bruocsella, Culuria and KCadoeau planet pics.\
\
-  
\b Jonas "Modesty"/"Modesty Blaise" Waage
\b0 , for all the Arpian outfit graphics, for the Hogun explosion, for bringing Prime's Hogun designs to life, for the Arpia fighters, for all graphics to do with the Kilmura (from ship graphics to the .mov animation), for a million other things I've forgotten to mention, for being there all these years, and for being a really good friend (even when I asked so much of him).\
\
-  
\b Pieris
\b0 , for all the ideas he gave me when I was first thinking of an Arpia sequel (almost half the basic ideas about ARPIA2 that weren't in Arpia1 come from him).\
\
-  
\b Dafydd "pipeline" Williams (ATMOS)
\b0 , for the ARPIA logo and the ATMOS Arpian ships, and for bringing in Philip, Scott and Steve. And thank you Cathryn for putting up with my bossing Dave around all this time.\
\
-  
\b Philip "pstan"/"particlestan" Chick (ATMOS)
\b0 , for the ATMOS Arpian ships. 
\i Honourary team member, brought to the plug-in by Dafydd.
\i0 \
\
-  
\b Prime
\b0 , for the Hogun Cruiser and Hogun Fighter original ideas.\
\
-  
\b Joe "Requiem"
\b0 , for the original Arpia interface, for the Hogun planet pic, and for the original UVP-018/Nova Bruocsella, KCadoeau and Culuria planet pics.\

\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa320\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Ralph & Roger Sutherland
\b0 , for the Mish application they made for EV:Nova. It helped me find lots of useful information in the Nova mission descriptions, and helped me organise myself when it came to Nova characters and the like in ARPIA2. Thank you also for DeRLE, a utility I used quite a bit too.
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Mark Chai
\b0 , for the EVN Bits Bible 1.0.0. I really don't know how many hours I spent using it, but it sure helped me when first coding "Arpia, tale of an agency", and I still use it once in a while. Very useful.\
\

\b David Arthur
\b0 , for the Mission Computer editor. I have to say that this editor was perfect for me. If I had to pay per hour I used it, I'd be ruined and far in debt right now\'85\
\

\b ATMOS and Matt Burch
\b0 , for the Escape Velocity: Nova game. Without this game, none of this world would have ever existed.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul FAQ for cheaters (or lazybones)\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf1 Shame on you!\cf0 \
\
Q: I still can't figure out the riddle!!!!!\
A: \cf1 Polaris is the answer to the first clue, the Wraith are its enemy/"brother". N is the beginning of a name. Now if you still can't figure out the rest, have a look at NUMBERS related to teenagers\'85\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Q: Why did you put a blank answer?\
A: Things are not always as they seem.\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.arpia.be/riddle.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf0 http://www.arpia.be/riddle.html}}
\b  for a more step-by-step approach to the answer.
\b0 \ul \
}