{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb40\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Plug-in Extractor\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb40\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb40\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Plug-in Extractor is a one-click solution for extracting archives and converting EV Nova plug-ins to .rez format for Windows. It is comprised of a batch script built upon unar, macbinconv, and EV Nova's Convert Plug-ins program that can handle almost any archive downloaded from the EV Nova Addons: Zip, StuffIt, BinHex, MacBinary, OS X AppleDouble encodings, even .ndat files. For help or comments on Plug-in Extractor you can email me at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:andrews05@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 andrews05@gmail.com}}.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Installation
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb40\pardirnatural
\cf0 No installation is necessary as the program will work fine wherever you put it but for convenience, you may like to move "Extract Plug-ins" along with the "unar" folder into your EV Nova folder and create a shortcut to Extract Plug-ins on the Desktop.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Usage
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb40\pardirnatural
\cf0 Just drag and drop a file or folder onto the Extract Plug-ins program and it will do all the processing and conversion in one go.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Supported file types: .zip, .sit, .sitx, .hqx, .bin, .rsrc, .ndat\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Read Me Files
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb40\pardirnatural
\cf0 Read Me files in .txt format that were created on a Mac will typically not display correctly in Notepad and should be opened in WordPad instead. Note also that Read Me files in many older plug-ins will not have a .txt extension - just double click these and choose to open in WordPad.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Troubleshooting
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb100\pardirnatural
\cf0 "Couldn't recognize the archive format" ...\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb20\pardirnatural
\cf0 If you see this printed in the output text, the most likely cause is a bad archive file that is invalid or corrupted in some way. You could try your luck with another program to extract it but otherwise there's not much you can do.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb200\pardirnatural
\cf0 Extraction completed but didn't result in any .rez files ...\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb20\pardirnatural
\cf0 If you didn't see any lines in the output text saying Successfully converted to "somefile.rez", one of these may have happened:\
\pard\tx340\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li340\fi-220\sb20\pardirnatural
\cf0 *	The archive didn't contain any plug-ins. It may be supplemental material, a Mac utility of some sort, or something completely unrelated to EV Nova.\
*	The program failed to find the extracted files and didn't process them. You will see files ending in .rsrc if this has happened. Contact me about this but you can simply drop the extracted folder or .rsrc file onto Extract Plug-ins again to process it.\
*	On rare occasion you may find an old Mac self-extracting archive of some sort. These are not obvious to detect but if you end up with a single file with no filename extension, try dropping it onto the "unar.exe" program to see if it extracts it. It may work, it may not.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb200\pardirnatural
\cf0 "unar.exe has stopped working" ...\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb20\pardirnatural
\cf0 There is a known bug in unar where it may crash if it encounters OS X extended attributes in a file. This is highly unlikely to occur for anything found on the EV Nova Addons but contact me if it does. I will endeavour to update Plug-in Extractor if the bug gets fixed.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb200\pardirnatural
\cf0 Any other errors or problems ... Please contact me :)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\sb20\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
}