{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Georgia-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Georgia-BoldItalic;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Georgia-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 Georgia;\f4\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f5\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green0\blue238;}
\paperw11904\paperh16838\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15220\viewh10620\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 ARPIA2 storyline walkthrough
\f1\i\fs24 \

\f2\b0 \ulnone Made by Peter "Pace" Craddock
\f3\i0 \
\
\ul Foreword:\ulnone  the ARPIA2 storylines are woven in such a way that you actually choose your storyline as you progress. This means you start the Arpia storylines in one special fashion, and it's only later on that you choose which storyline to follow. For this reason, I have laid out the walkthrough in the following way:\
\
- legend\
- 
\f0\b common beginning of storylines
\f3\b0 \
- warrior/regular cut-off point\
- 
\f0\b warrior storylines
\f3\b0 \
- public/shadow cut-off point\
- 
\f0\b public figure storyline
\f3\b0 \
- 
\f0\b shadow warrior storyline
\f3\b0 \
- 
\f0\b regular member storyline\
- 
\f3\b0 info for developers and/or people capable of reading pilotlogs (and therefore helping out those who are lost in the storylines)\
\
I hope it's clear enough. If you have any questions, please e-mail them: \cf2 \ul \ulc2 pace@arpia.be\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Play with a new pilot, one who has not yet taken part in any storylines!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0 \cf0 The X Investigation is not included in the Walkthrough, please visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.arpia.be/X.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.arpia.be/X.html}} for a guide.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f2\i Legend:\
\
Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 m\'95sn
\f3\b0 919 
\f2\i (this is the ID of the m\'95sn resource, for developers)
\f3\i0 	"Pirate Hunt I;Arpia1"
\f2\i  (this is the name of the mission)
\f3\i0 \

\f0\b AvailBits
\f3\b0 : "!(((b860 | b511) | (b515 | b512)) | b2078)"
\f2\i  (these are the Nova Control Bits controlling availability of the mission\'c9 if you don't understand them, don't worry)
\f3\i0 \

\f0\b \
AvailLoc
\f3\b0 : Any planet - Bar
\f2\i  (info concerning the place where the mission can be found/accepted)
\f3\i0 \

\f0\b Avail%
\f3\b0 : 100
\f2\i  (percent chance of finding the mission at the place mentioned above)
\f3\i0 \

\f0\b CombatRating
\f3\b0 : 100 
\f2\i (combat rating of "average" here, but in other cases, check the "kills" info in your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://home.comcast.net/~slagblah/pilotlog.html"}}{\fldrslt pilotlog}})
\f3\i0 \

\f0\b Cargo
\f3\b0 : / 
\f2\i (the number of tons required for the mission\'c9 for certain missions, if you don't have the free tons required, you will not get the mission)\ul  
\f3\i0 \ulnone \

\f0\b \
Special d\'9fde ID
\f3\b0 : 198
\f2\i  (the ID of the group of ships you will encounter)
\f3\i0 \ul \

\f0\b \ulnone Special ships
\f3\b0 : 2
\f2\i  (the number of ships you will encounter)\

\f0\i0\b System
\f3\b0 : adjacent to initial 
\f2\i (the system where you will encounter them)\

\f0\i0\b Goal
\f3\b0 : destroy 
\f2\i (what you should do to those ships)\

\f0\i0\b \
TravelStel
\f3\b0 : /
\f2\i  (info concerning the place where you first have to go to)\

\f0\i0\b ReturnStel
\f3\b0 : Earth (128) 
\f2\i (info concerning the place where you have to go last)\ul \

\f3\i0 \
Note: you must first complete the ship objective \ulnone ("
\f0\b Goal
\f3\b0 ")\ul  before being able to visit the \ulnone "
\f0\b TravelStel
\f3\b0 "\ul  to complete/continue the mission.\ulnone \
\
\
\
\

\f0\b COMMON BEGINNING OF STORYLINES
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	919	"Pirate Hunt I;Arpia1"\
AvailBits: "!(((b860 | b511) | (b515 | b512)) | b2078)"\
AvailLoc: Any planet - Bar			Special d\'9fde ID: 198\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 2\
CombatRating: 100				System: adjacent to initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Earth (128)\
\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
As you enter the bar, you feel the gaze of a \{G "woman" "man"\} sitting in a corner.  Once you have ordered your drink, you see the \{G "woman" "man"\} beckon to you.  Hand on your pistol handle, you make your way to \{G "her" "his"\} table.\
\
"You must be <PN>, Captain of the <PSN>.  I am Haldora.  My organisation has heard you are beginning to learn to fight.  We are very interested in your case and would like your co-operation\'c9"\
"Who is 'we'?"\
"I cannot tell you yet.  We just want you to start by destroying two small but important pirate ships.  That is all.  It is a one-time offer.  It will be of great advantage to both sides if you agree.  That is all I can tell you at the moment.  So, what do you say?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	920	"Pirate Hunt II;Arpia2"\
AvailBits: "b860 & !b861"\
AvailLoc: Earth (128) - Bar		Special d\'9fde ID: 261\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 2\
CombatRating: /				System: adjacent to initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Port Kane (137)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Spot on the hour, that Malrow guy enters the bar, notices you and comes over to your table.\
\
"I take it you're still interested\'c9"\
You nod.\
"Well then, next job.  We've had word of two other pirates showing up around this system, so find them and destroy them. Then come find me on Port Kane in the Kania system."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	921	"Pirate Hunt III;Arpia3"\
AvailBits: "b861 & !b862"\
AvailLoc: Port Kane (137) - Bar		Special d\'9fde ID: 261\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 4\
CombatRating: /				System: Vega (137)\
Cargo: /						Goal: destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: New Babylon (134)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You decide to head for the bar.  You arrive two minutes before the hour.\
Going up to the counter, you order a glass of deep blue chicard.\
\
Sitting down at one of the only two free tables, you wait for the remaining twenty seconds\'c9\
\
Malrow comes up to you out of nowhere.\
\
"Want more of our missions?"\
You answer you would.\
"Good.  This next one is for you to go to the Vega system, and wait for a few pirates to enter the system.  Destroy them.  From what we know, there should be about four of them.  Once you're finished, come to New Babylon in the Nesre Primus system to get your reward."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	922	"Pirate Hunt IV;Arpia4"\
AvailBits: "b862 & !b863"\
AvailLoc: New Babylon (134) - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 268\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 2\
CombatRating: /				System: Lalande 21185 (149)\
Cargo: /						Goal: destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Sirius Prime (145)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You come out very clean of the washrooms.  You'd have preferred to have one of the good 'Jhy Humm\'a8' washing products, but the only one you could find was the widely spread 'L'Oreole\'a8 : Heaven from Rain\'aa, for \{G "men" "women"\}'.  Too bad.  Next time you'll make sure to have your own on you when you use the public washrooms\'c9\
\
You enter the bar, and sit down at the nearest free table.  You just need to wait for a few minutes before Haldora appears in the entrance.  As \{G "she" "he"\} moves towards you, you notice a few \{G "men" "women"\} staring at \{G "her" "him"\}.  You quickly push your ideas on that away as Haldora nears your table.\
\
"So, I see you're still in the game."\
\{G "She" "He"\} does have quite a bit of charm, in fact. And \{G "she" "he"\} is gorgeous. Most probably taken.\
You blink and catch on once again to what Haldora is saying.\
"\'c9 to intercept a party of two Pirate Carriers headed for the South Manchester system before they can cause too much havoc.  So go to the Lalande 21185 system and destroy them there.  Then go to <RST> in the <RSY> system.  You'll start your training there.\
\
"By the way, I've taken the liberty of installing two 100mm railguns on your ship.  This will truly help you against them\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	923	"Pirate Hunt V;Arpia5"\
AvailBits: "b863 & !b864"\
AvailLoc: Sirius Prime (145) - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 172\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 4\
CombatRating: /				System: adjacent to initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Viking (157)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
After a good night's sleep, you wake up in pain.  Aw, the training has its advantages, but it sure also has nasty side effects!  Each muscle moved hurts a different part of your body.  You think to yourself you should have done more stretching after the training.  You had never imagined a few hours of training would do so much to your body.  At least, this pain can only mean that you worked a lot.\
\
After a good dose of stretching, you slowly make your way towards the bar, where Haldora awaits you.\
Noticing your struggle, \{G "she" "he"\} smiles.\
"Told you you needed more stretching\'c9"\
"Yeah, well, I guess I'll remember it next time."\
"Good, that's the spirit.  In the meantime, have an Arpia biscuit."\
You take a bit out of a product slightly resembling an apple, oddly enough, as apples are fruit, and you have never heard of a bakery doing anything with fruit.  Amazed by the taste, you wonder if Arpia isn't truly a new hybrid galactic bakery trying to kill the competition by wiping out enemy freighters\'c9\
\
"Your next mission will be to destroy a small group of bigger pirates around this system.  We have no idea how powerful they are, but we don't want any trouble\'c9\
"Once you've finished this task, go to Viking.  I'll be meeting you there."\
\
Half an hour later, you are all set to go.  Now all you've got to do is find the buggers\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	924	"Pirate Hunt VI;Arpia6"\
AvailBits: "b864 & !((b424 | b56) | b865)"\
AvailLoc: Viking (157) - Bar		Special d\'9fde ID: 172\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 7\
CombatRating: /				System: adjacent to initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Syracuse (177)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
This time, you have to admit that the waking up was much easier.  Lesson learnt.\
\
When you arrive in the bar, it is almost empty.  Your stomach almost empty, you order a Georgian Unicum Pastry with a hot drink.  A Starry Sun should do.\
At your table, you feel the urge to spend a penny.  The drink finished and half the pastry left, you take your levita-plate to the self-cleanatron before heading for the toilets.\
When you come out of them, you re-enter the bar and notice Haldora sitting at a table.  \{G "You notice a scruffy mercenary move towards her table, sit down and try to charm her.  Complete failure.  In a few seconds, he is thrown out of the bar.\
\\"Don't ever call me 'doll', you filthy merc.\\"\
Then she notices you and goes back to her table, and you follow." "You see a pair of green haired prostitutes go near him, talk to him, trying to get him interested.  Then he opens his mouth, smiling, whispers something to them.  Must have been something pretty nasty, seeing the shocked look on their faces as they leave.  Then he takes notice of you and beckons for you to come over."\}\
\
You are about to ask about what happened, when Haldora interrupts you.\
"That's Viking for you.  Home of everything you could esteem lowly and unholy.  But what you have to think of is Syracuse," \{G "she" "he"\} says.\
"What?  Why?"\
"That's your next destination.  Ekrid, as he likes everyone to call him, will be meeting you there\'c9"\
\
"\'c9  But not before you destroy half a dozen pirate ships.  He thinks you are almost ready for a level one security clearance," \{G "she" "he"\} finishes, smiling.\
You feel a certain joy forming inside.  You'll soon truly be part of Arpia!\
\{G "She" "He"\} continues.\
"You will have to search for the pirates.  We suspect them to be nearing this system at this time, so look around the place."\
\
Before you wave \{G "her" "him"\} good-bye, \{G "she" "he"\} asks:\
"What of the muscles?  Did you stretch enough this time?", smiling.\
"Sure did.  As I tend to think, 'lesson learnt'\'c9"\
\
You leave, thinking of what it will be like finishing this mission\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	926	"Recover Stolen Goods;Arpia7"\
AvailBits: "b865 & !b866"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 172\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 4\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: 10 tons					Goal: destroy\
TravelStel: Ryll (195)				ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Inside the bar, you follow Malrow to the counter.\
The bartender comes over.\
\
"Hello Ekrid.  Who's this?"\
"<PN> here is a new recruit, and the first of this new wave to have arrived."\
"Nice.  Well done, and welcome to the main Yubenia bar."\
"Yubenia?" you ask.\
"Didn't Ekrid here tell you?  Yubenia is the name of the main city here on Culuria."\
\
"Thanks, Gooms.  Haven't yet had time to tell \{G "him" "her"\} the details about Arpia\'c9"\
"Oh, I see.  Well, what do you want, both of you?"\
Malrow orders a Jibby Flippy.  Whatever that is\'c9\
"And what can I get you, \{G "mister" "miss"\}?\
"Erm.  No idea, what would you advise a person like me to have?"\
"Give \{G "him" "her"\} a Kroob Kurd, Gooms."\
"Sure thing, Ekrid.  Here ya go, \{G "mister" "miss"\}.  A Kroob Kurd.  Original recipe comes from Ryll.  We've modified it a little.  More healthy and tastier."\
"And I'm paying," says Malrow.\
\
"So, as Gooms told you," your superior starts as you both sit down, "Yubenia is the main city on this planet.  In fact, it's the only true city on Culuria, with about 80.000 inhabitants, and the total population is about a hundred thousand.  All inhabitants are members of Arpia, but only a quarter of them are active, the others being kids, parents at home, professionals like teachers, or retired members."\
He takes a gulp of his Jibby Flippy and closes his eyes for a moment before resuming his tale.\
"I must say I am impressed with what we have done in just over a decade.  And all of this is secret.  Only the Polaris suspect the rough location of our entry point, but haven't tried to make contact.  I suspect we'll be the ones to make the first move, quite soon in fact\'c9"\
\
"Anyway, since you're here, and now a full member, I've got a mission for you. Sorry about the fact I can\'d5t give you a few days\'d5 rest, but this is urgent. A delivery, or rather 'recovery', mission. Interested?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	927	"Gwaark Bacteria Delivery;Arpia8"\
AvailBits: "b866 & !b867"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 20 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Kerensky (212)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
As you enter the bar, you notice Haldora quite easily, telling something to a few tough looking tattooed guys.  You decide to go towards them.\
"Ah.  Here is Al'Ario the one I was talking to you about," \{G "she" "he"\} says.\
The tattooed towers turn towards you and study you.  Then one smiles.\
"A nue wecwuut?"\
\
You suddenly realise he is speaking in Basic to you.  So you concentrate and try to make sense of what he says.\
"Gued.  Ay heer yer duewin gued inn yuer missyens.  En weed oll aav oepned ve corntaines nowin wot was inn 'em.  A maisin, ain't eat vat yer didno oepne 'em?"\
"Yes\'c9 Thanks," you reply, after managing to understand what he said.  It was hard, but you succeeded.\
\
After they have left, you blurt out to \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\}:\
"Weir didey come fwom?"\
\{G "She" "He"\} frowns.\
"Marlin is of the civilisation of the Hexporyens."\
"The what?" you ask, bewildered.\
"Didn't Ekrid tell you?  He can be a little vague when it comes to details\'c9"\
\
"Well, about 600 years ago, a little before the Auroran Independence, the Federation sent out two exploration teams, one to the Galactic South, one to the Galactic North.  Then by some complete coincidence, after two weeks and within a day of each other, both teams had disappeared.  Contact lost."\
\
"So the Federation sent out rescue teams.  But soon the search party had to be cancelled because of the Auroran Independence.  The only thing they found around the area where the North Team went was the sign of there being a wormhole previously, so they supposed the explorers had gone through.\
"Of the South Team they found nothing.  We suspect the same thing happened to them, but we haven't been able to determine yet whether they still exist or not\'c9"\
Haldora stares at the table. It is obvious \{G "she" "he"\} is a little curious about their fate.\
\
"Anyway, back on topic.  The North Team arrived in this very system, but something happened after they had come out of the wormhole: it simply imploded, and all that was left was a small cloud of dust.  So they settled down on this planet.\
\
"They called the system 'Resideo' for simple reasons: they had to stay there, to stay put is 'residere' in the old tongue of Latin.  This evolved into Residio.  They called the planet 'Cultura' because of the vast plains where they managed to grow all kinds of culture.  As I said, simple reasons\'c9  You can guess how it evolved."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	928	"ATTN: Al'Ario;Arpia9"\
AvailBits: "b867 & !b868"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - BBS	Special d\'9fde ID: 205\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 3\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: 20 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Kont (315)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Complete a delivery of 20 tons of Palladium by going to the planet Kont in the Kontik system and bring them back to Culuria. Do not get scanned by Auroran ships.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	929	"Pirate Raid I;Arpia10"\
AvailBits: "b868 & !b869"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 203\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 12\
CombatRating: /				System: Auroran G\'9avt system (129)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You spot Char-Tow speaking to a \{G "woman" "man"\}, so you move towards them.\
The \{G "woman" "man"\} spots you and informs Char-Tow of your presence.  He motions for you to join them.\
When you have arrived, Char-Tow starts by talking to you.\
"Al'Ario, this is another Arpian Commander, Argoal.  \{G "She" "He"\} is mostly in charge of the Intel monitoring."\
"How do you do?"\
\
After another ten minutes of discussion, Argoal leaves and Char-Tow takes out a holo-cube.\
\
"I have received this from Malrow and am supposed to open it in front of you, so let's go to a private corner and open it."\
Once seated and out of earshot of anyone else, Char-Tow opens the holo-cube.\
\
"Good day, Char-Tow and Al'Ario.  We gather that a big group of Pirates\
has assembled for a raid in Auroran space.  Co-ordinates of suspected target will be downloaded into your ship computers very soon.  You are to go there and take them down.  Char-Tow, this will be Al'Ario's first fleet encounter.  You know what that means.  Al'Ario, my only advice is to be confident enough of yourself.  Good luck."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	931	"Pirate Raid II;Arpia11-12-plus food delivery"\
AvailBits: "b869 & !(b870 | b871)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 203\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 14\
CombatRating: /				System: Federation G\'9avt system (128)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
When you enter the bar for your morning breakfast in the restaurant section, you notice only one server, a man you've met, called Bard.  Poor guy, usually there are two at the very least.\
\
When your turn comes, a voice calls from the kitchen:\
"Bard, we need someone to get Commander Holdor's order!"\
Bard replies, pretty annoyed.\
"There's only me here, I can't deal with both things at once!"\
"Then ask your customer.  Remember to mention the pay since it's Holdor!", comes the reply from the kitchen.\
\
So Bard turns to you.\
"Excuse me, Al'Ario, but could you bring his food to Commander Holdor?  He's very picky and never comes here.  Always gets his food sent to his office.  Could you do it for us?  It's worth 1000 credits.  And it will be a chance to meet him.  He can sometimes be pretty gloomy and negative, but he is a true commander.  Used to be a Federation Commander in fact.  So can I count on you?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	933	"ATTN: Al'Ario;Arpia13"\
AvailBits: "b871 & !b872"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - BBS	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 20 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Retsim (402)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Go to Retsim in the Vella Hevel system to pick up a cargo of 20 tons of Gwaark Bacteria, and then come back to Culuria.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	934	"Choose your future;Arpia14"\
AvailBits: "b872 & !(b873 | b942)"\
\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You make your way through the crowd outside the bar, and see Malrow gesturing.  You follow him to a room.\
"We'll be fine here.  Take a seat."\
You comply.\
\
"So, first of all, well done on all your last missions.  I also gather from Char-Tow that you are a fast learner.  Haldora thinks the same.  About your last mission, you have been paid 10.000 credits."\
\
"But now, you need to decide what you wish to do.  You have reached a stage where you have two choices: either you wish to continue doing missions like those you have done so far, or you wish to become even more involved in the organisation."\
\
"Most people choose to stay simple members of Arpia for different reasons: the risk isn't too great, you can become a big-time trader thanks to the trade routes of Retsim-Culuria and Kerensky-Culuria, you keep the Pirates at bay, \'c9  Another thing is that most Arpian tech is available to everyone who is a member, the Arpian Illyana and Officers being exceptions."\
\
"You also have to ask yourself the following: what do you wish to become?  Do you wish to stay the regular \{G "guy" "woman"\} and shine in your task?  Would you prefer to become more important, yet stay in the shadows?  Or would you like to become more important and more public?\
"Sleep on it."\
\
You examine your hopes, your personality, your strengths and weaknesses.  This is going to be a tough one.\
\
You go to your new home, lie down on your bed and just stare at the ceiling.\
"The moment of decision is the loneliest in human life. It must be come upon in stillness and darkness and brooding thoughts and doubts torn out from the deep reaches of the soul."\
The words coming to your mind, written on paper centuries ago, describe your state of mind perfectly.\
\
Finally, you make your decision, and, in the morning, you go find Malrow in the bar.\
\
"So, what will it be?  Regular Member or Arpian Warrior?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 If Regular Member ("mission refused"), search "REGULAR MEMBER STORYLINE".
\f3\b0 \
\
\

\f0\b WARRIOR STORYLINES
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	935	"Pirate Raid III;Arpia15"\
AvailBits: "b873 & !b874"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 203\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 10\
CombatRating: /				System: Altair (135)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Test out your new crew by taking to battle a fleet of Pirates preparing to raid the Altair system.  Then head back for Residio.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	936	"Investigate Possible Problem;Arpia16a"\
AvailBits: "b874 & !b875"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Vella G\'9avt (133)		ReturnStel: Dani G\'9avt (133)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You enter the bar, refreshed thanks to a good shower.  In the restaurant part, you get yourself a breakfast.  This time, you don't spot Bard serving.  You shrug to yourself: must be his day off.\
\
When choosing a table, you notice the guy who was part of the 'Cleaning Team' that had welcomed you in a certain manner when you first arrived on Culuria.  You decide to go say hello.\
"Hello, Vriller, am I right?"\
"Yup, you are, \{G "lad" "lass"\}.  And who might you be?  Remember the face, but not the name."\
"Al'Ario.  New recruit.  Newly appointed to the rank of Arpian Warrior.  You searched my ship a while ago as a welcome party."\
Vriller shrugs.  Doesn't mean anything to him.  He must have seen lots of new recruits\'c9\
\
"Wait a minute\'c9  Did you just say you're a new Warrior?"\
"Yes, why?"\
"Oh my is this a perfect opportunity for me!  See, we of the Cleaning Team don't only deal with new arrivals.  We also deal with any other illegal cargo traffic in space, trying to figure out who does what.\
\
"Now we have recently interested ourselves in Auroran local traffic, and a source has said to have found out something that could be a big problem.  So we want to send someone over there.  Only, we can't send people the Aurorans might know as being linked to the Andorra Arpia, so we can't send people who aren't new, and at the same time we can only send over Arpian Warriors\'c9"\
\
"Wait for me here, I'll just make contact with your direct superior.  Who is it?"\
"\'c9  I suppose it's Haldora\'c9"\
"Okay.  So, don't go!"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	938	"Ekrid Malrow Intro;Arpia17"\
AvailBits: "b875 & !(b876 | b909)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Earth (128)			ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
While you eat your early breakfast, you get a message on your beeper.  It's Malrow asking you to call him on his comms ASAP.\
\
"Ekrid Malrow speaking."\
"It's Al'Ario here.  You wanted me to call you?"\
"Yes.  I'm in need of someone who can get a job done."\
"What kind?"\
\
"Now let's not be hasty.  First you've got to make another choice."\
Already?\
"I know what you're thinking, but it's because a few things have been set into motion.  And this is your chance.  If you choose to accept this mission, then you'll start to go public.  That can mean some diplomatic missions, but can also mean battles if we need your help."\
\
"On the other hand, if you choose to refuse this mission, then you'll be more of a covert operator.  It means working with Argoal, Intel and the Cleaning Team quite a bit."\
\
"So, what do you choose?  Shadow warrior or public figure?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 If Shadow Warrior, search "SHADOW WARRIOR STORYLINE".
\f3\b0 \
\
\

\f0\b PUBLIC FIGURE STORYLINE
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	942	"Contact Rebels;Arpia18a"\
AvailBits: "b877 & !(((b878 | b352) | (b148 | b7)) | (b133 | b197))"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 128\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 10\
CombatRating: 1600				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: Rebel II (421)			ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
When in the bar, you notice something you'd forgotten about.  Bordra Juice.  The miracle water.  Stacks and stacks of bottles of the stuff are there.  You quickly order for a stack of bottles to be sent to your ship.\
Gooms hands over the note.\
"That's 475 credits, Al'Ario."\
"Can you arrange for them to be taken off my next mission payment?"\
"Yeah, sure, \{G "lad" "lass"\}."\
"Great.  Could I also have one Fuzzy Fuzz?"\
\
While you drink your Fuzzy Fuzz at the counter, you feel like someone is watching you.\
You turn around to see a young teenager staring \{G "at your muscles" "below your head"\}.  He soon realises he has been \{G "seen" "caught staring"\}, so he looks away, cheeks red with embarrassment, while making his way towards you.\
\
"Al'Ario?", asks the teenager.\
You nod, and he gives you a sheet of paper.  Malrow wants to see you in his office immediately.  You tell the boy you know the way and head off.\
\
Well, you're back in his office again.  This time, Malrow is sitting in one of his chairs around the oval glass table, waiting for you.\
\
"Hello Al'Ario.  We've got news.  The rebels seem to be willing to meet someone from here.  Go to the Koria system north of Federation space.  But be warned: the Feds sent a fleet going north this morning, so if they are near Rebel II, destroy them all.  We have many other things happening right now, like probes being sent and slave-trade being investigated, so you are the only person I can dispatch over there.\
"After the meeting, report back here ASAP. Understood?"\
\
You spend the evening with \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\}, talking about your respective families and lives and visiting Culuria.  You part, feeling a little fonder of each other\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	943	"Bring Rebel Info;Arpia18b"\
AvailBits: "b878 & !b879"\
AvailLoc: Rebel II (421) - Bar		Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Culuria (518)			ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
After little more than an hour, Dr. Pentecost steps into the bar.\
"We have decided to co-operate with Arpia.  But we would like to see some of your technology already if possible."\
You interrupt him: "I can show you on my ship if you wish!"\
"Very well.  Here is a data-cube with all the information you need concerning the rebellion and the military management.  We will also be sending someone with you to Residio for us to have a foothold in what is happening."\
\
After talking over a few more details, you show them all the basic Arpian technology, and it is enough for them to be almost confident you will all win this war to come.\
\
You spend the evening in the Rebel quarters, and \{b131 "train with all your dear friends" "Geoff Daniels, Rebel officer, shows you around.  He brings you to the training hall, and you receive there an intensive lesson in land combat"\}.  Your skills in weapon and hand-to-hand combat improve a little more.\
\
After a rough night on a thin mat on the floor, you are glad the Rebs have agreed to the Arpian proposal: maybe they will soon have comfortable mats\'c9\
\
The Ambassador is an interesting man and a wonderful storyteller. Around a breakfast meal he tells you of all his past adventures, before and since the Rebellion.  Having been General Smart's second in command, he did live many a fascinating adventure\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	947	"Go to Kel'ar Iy;Arpia20a"\
AvailBits: "b879 & !b880"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 130\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 5\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Kel'ar Iy (254)			ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
This time, in the bar, you find yourself ordering a Jibby Flippy, that drink Ekrid had taken when he introduced you to the bar.\
"Oh, you sure, Al'Ario?", replies Gooms.\
"Why?"\
"Well, let's say it's kind of strong.  Not for the faint of heart at any rate.  So, what do you say?"\
"Bring it on."\
\
Well, Gooms was right.  "Kind of strong", you find yourself muttering.  Your eyes sting a little, and it takes you two minutes to get over it.  Wow.  At least, you taste new things\'c9\
\
Malrow comes up to you after you have finished a new, soft Fuzzy Fuzz.\
\
"Okay, Al'Ario.  I sent a message to the Polaris and to the Rebels, and it seems Polaris space would be safest.   They will be expecting you on Kel'ar Iy.  I'll send word when we need you back.  Cheers, \{G "mate" "gal"\}!  You're on holiday\'c9"\
\
Getting aboard your freshly repaired ship feels really good.  What's more, the feeling of seeing Polarans again is a very warm one\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	949	"Pirate Raid IV;Arpia21"\
AvailBits: "b880 & !b881"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 203\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 9\
CombatRating: /				System: Tau Ceti (143)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
When you enter the bar for breakfast, you feel happy.  You are now a Commander.  And it looks like something is going on between Haldora and yourself.  And you're on the best planet you could dream of.\
\
You go up to Bard who is serving breakfast as usual.\
"Heeeey.  Al'Ario, how ya doing?  I gather you've become a Commander.  Well done, \{G "mate" "girl"\}!"\
"How do you know?"\
He bends over towards you to whisper something.\
"That's an Arpian secret\'c9"\
You fake choking to death.\
"Yeah right, Bard."\
"Well in fact it's called the Arpian News Ticker.  Every piece of news is displayed on it, and there's a beep whenever something big is coming on.  And it beeped before the announcement of your promotion."\
\
"Anyway, come to think of it, Ekrid wants to see his new commander in his office after breakfast."\
\
You arrive in Malrow's office ten minutes later.\
"Ah.  Al'Ario.  Good to see you.  How did yesterday evening go on?"\
You tell him about the meal, and leave it to that.\
"Good, good.  But I must say I saw this couple business coming," he continues with a small smile.\
"Excuse me?"\
"Oh, don't play innocent," he continues, teasing you.  "You and Haldora\'c9  Let's say Char-Tow got a glimpse of you by pure coincidence."\
\
"Anyway, enough about that.  Back on topic.  I've asked you here because of your next job.  I want you to go on another Pirate Raid.  Except that this time you will be in charge, and I'll be assigning you a wingman."\
\
"Are you up to it?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	951	"Pirate Raid V;Arpia21c"\
AvailBits: "b881 & !(b882 | b883)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 203\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 8\
CombatRating: /				System: Lotus (176)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
When you wake up, you take a good shower with a bottle of Jhy Humm\'a8: \{G "Cleansing Shampoo" "Divine Freshness for Women"\}\'aa you managed to find in a small store on Culuria.  \{G "It just takes you two minutes to get all ready.  After all, it isn't considered so manly to spend half an hour in the shower.  You can't help thinking that shampoo is pretty good.  In fact it's very good, seeing that men find it cleansing even though most only use it for a minute or two\'c9" "My, oh my, does that feel good.  You can imagine the nano-particles flowing through your body and giving your whole body, inside and outside, a sense of freshness.  Poor people who lived 1000 years ago, you think to yourself.  It must have been so boring just to have shampoo that smelt good\'c9  You stay in the shower for another thirty minutes."\}\
\
You then make your way towards the Arpian HQ.  Every time you pass in front of it, you cannot help staring at it.  It captures your attention, even when you try not to look.  Meh\'c9 why do you bother?  It must be something typically done for this building.\
\
You go to the now familiar 6th floor.\
You feel Malrow's presence waiting for your arrival.\
<do not enter my office yet wait for holdor to come out>\
You hear the old Commander's voice.\
"Yes, Ekrid, Argoal says \{G "she" "he"\} will have the shipment intercepted soon."\
\
They continue for five minutes, then Holdor comes out.\
"Ah, Al'Ario.  How are you today?"\
"Fine, thank you, Commander.  How about you?"\
"Oh, I'm in a good shape right now.  Pretty excited too: Argoal's little operation against slaves is coming along nicely, and the Feds have heard of what's happening too\'c9"\
\
And with that, he wanders off, limping slightly, you notice.\
Well, Char-Tow sure was right: Holdor is weird.  Grumpy a day, cheerful another, you really don't know what to make of him\'c9\
"Al'Ario, could you come in, please?"\
\
"Hello, Ekrid."\
"How are you feeling?  Are you ready to take young Jullin on another raid?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	953	"Contact Possible Recruit;Arpia22"\
AvailBits: "(b881 & (b882 | b883)) & !b884"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: 131\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: /						Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: Ormond (324)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You wake up to the smell of good old herbal tea.\
"Hm, smells good\'c9"\
"And it tastes good too," replies \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\}.  "If you don't come soon it might become cold\'c9"\
In a few seconds your \{G "arms are wrapped around Haldora" "body is comfortably in Haldora's arms"\}.\
"You know what?," \{G "she" "he"\} asks.\
"Nope."\
"Since I met you, I believe in the 'coup de foudre'.  It happened to me, though I hid my feelings in the best way possible\'c9"\
\
In the late morning, after long but wonderful discussions with Haldora, you go meet Malrow.\
"Good morning, Al'Ario.  I've got another mission for you.  I want you to go make contact with a possible new recruit.  We have been keeping an eye on him for a month now, and he is an interesting case.  Here's his file."\
\
Bobby Thrackton, born on Helen.  Looks like he's been shooting 'bad guys' for years now since his parents were killed by a bunch of Pirates.  Pure hatred towards piracy.  If canalised, that can prove useful.\
\
"So approach him.  But beware: as you have seen, he hates pirates.  Now, that means he mistrusts anyone he doesn't know.  So you'll have to be subtle, show you are no threat and sweet talk him, otherwise he may attack you."\
\
"Good luck, Al'Ario, and may you return in one piece: he usually decapitates his victims, just like the Claimer of legend in the Auroran folk."\
"The what?"\
"The Claimer.  Don't you know that legend?  Let me tell it to you then."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	954	"ATTN: Al'Ario;Arpia23"\
AvailBits: "b884 & !b885"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - BBS	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Palein (328)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Bobby Thrackton has been successful on his last missions.  Greet him on Palein and test his fighting abilities, like Haldora did to you.  Afterwards, come back to Culuria.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	955	"Go to Kel'ar Iy;Arpia24"\
AvailBits: "b885 & !b886"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Trade	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 25 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Kel'ar Iy (254)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
As soon as you enter the trade centre, you notice a white cloak, and make your way towards him.\
"Huddler, I suppose?", you say, looking at the short man.  Big round glasses magnifying his eyes don't go too well with his spiky hair in your opinion.  He seems to be wearing baggy trousers underneath his outfit, and is wearing sports shoes.  Weird attire\'c9  It's a style you haven't seen often before.  He looks more like a freak than like anything else\'c9\
"Yeff, vat'f me.  You muft be Al'Ario," he answers, revealing two enormous front teeth.\
\
"Ve briefing if vat you muft go to Kel'ar Iy wiv a few cratef full of new Arpian tech.  Onfe you are finifhed, come back here.  Vat if all, Al'Ario."\
\
A few men load the 25 tons of cargo in your ship.\
"Zack, we're going back to Kel'ar Iy.  Get the engines running."\
"Aye, capt'n."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	956	"Go to Nil'a Ca;Arpia25"\
AvailBits: "b886 & !b887"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Trade	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 25 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Nil'a Ca (256)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Transport the 25 tons of sealed packages to <DST> in the <DSY> system, then return to Culuria.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	957	"Go to Rebel II;Arpia26a"\
AvailBits: "b887 & !b888"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Rebel II (421)			ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You wait in the main lounge of the bar for Ekrid to arrive as freak-boy had said.\
\
After ten minutes, your glass of Fuzzy Fuzz lies empty in front of you, and still no sign of Malrow.  You decide to order another drink, this time making it a hot one.  Indeed, it seems the temperature has suddenly come to a drop.  A Starry Sun should do\'c9\
\
Halfway through your cup, Malrow opens a communication channel.\
"Al'Ario, please come to my office straight away."\
\
When you reach his office, the door opens and a \{G "man" "woman"\} you recognise as working with Argoal steps out.\
"Oh, excuse me, Commander."\
\
You enter the office.\
"Please don't sit, not enough time."\
\
"Okay", he tells you.  "First off, thanks for those last missions.  But now we have something urgent that truly needs dealing with.  The \{G "man" "woman"\} you bumped into has just brought top secret and urgent info that our spy, Jay Greyburn, managed to compile on New England.  All the info is contained in a data-cube.  We are currently making copies of it."\
\
"So, once you get one copy, you need to bring the data-cube to the Rebels, get them to make a copy for themselves.  We have to warn General Smart about the troops Krane will send to their systems.  We also want to send someone down to Heraan.  So, after having seen the Rebs, rush to Heraan, again with the data-cube.  Someone will meet you there.  They will tell you what to do next."\
\
"One last thing, Al'Ario: this is perhaps the most important and fastest move you'll have to do.  Don't screw up, and don't be scanned by the Feds."\
As usual: clear and brief, Arpian method.  Works all the time\'c9\
\
You spend a calm night with Haldora, catching up a little and recovering a little strength too.\
It would appear that Argoal's team has arrested a drug baron, and new systems have been discovered and are navigable, all inside a nearby nebula.  Good news.\
\
In the morning, when you board your ship, you notice a package from Malrow.\
"-- Data-cube included.  Please read the info when you are travelling to know what it is all about --" \
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	961	"Receive Training From Karlaekaar;Arpia28"\
AvailBits: "b889 & !b890"\
AvailLoc: New Ireland (139) - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Arabus (298)			ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You enter the bar, and head for the counter.  There you tell the bartender, with an uncertain voice, "hog-wallop".  The bartender tells you to follow him.  He brings you to a nearby room, occupied by a heavily tattooed man.\
"Hi, I'm Eamon Flannigan. You must be Al'Ario.  I finally get the chance to meet you!\
"I have heard of your growing talent, and have also heard you are beginning to understand the weaves of life.  That is where I come in.  I am a Heron master, and I will be the first one to continue your training.  You will be with me for two weeks."\
"What should I tell my crew?," you ask.\
"They will also receive a two-week training from my best warrior, named Roy 'Ironfist' Carnarby, though it won't be as pushed as yours."\
\
Zack is extremely pleased of this piece of news.\
"Nice!  Well, I'll tell the rest of the crew, you don't need to do that.  You just concentrate on this mental and physical and I don't know what else training, and the ship will be ready in two weeks for wherever your next trainer lives."\
\
For two weeks, Eamon 'Archindar' Flannigan teaches you how to master a little more your hand-to-hand combat techniques and your way with weaves.  Your ability to kill in 47 fashions has become a reality that makes you very dangerous.\
"Heh, it means you could become a serial killer and no one could know you murdered all the different people\'c9," your master says with a smile.\
\
When the training is finished, Archindar puts on a serious face, and declares that you have, in these two weeks, reached and even passed the level of T3.\
"I am amazed at how fast you have become so powerful.  Your telepathic abilities are truly incredible."\
\
He tells you to head for the planet of Arabus in the Caryo system, in the far Eastern region of the Known Universe.  There you will see Karlaekaar, a great Heron Master.\
\
You say a big thank you to Eamon Flannigan, then return to where you left your ship.  There, all your crew greets you.  They do look stronger\'c9  Maybe soon not only Al'Ario will be feared on board the <PSN>\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	965	"Meet with Jay;Arpia31"\
AvailBits: "b890 & !b891"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 197\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 18\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: New England (138)		ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
As you enter the bar, you meet everyone's gaze.  Awe is upon their faces.  Oh, no.  You realise what is different.  Now that you have become so powerful, people will treat you differently.  Everyone will have terribly high hopes for you.  If you do a single mistake, you don't know what will happen.  Come to think of it, you don't even want to imagine what would happen.  Suddenly you notice Malrow who stands up and motions you to a back room.\
A large smile on his face, he embraces you.\
\
"Al'Ario!  Long time, no see\'c9 how's my international warrior?  I hear you've busted all the records!  Five months for Heron and Nil'kemorya fighting\'c9  Nice one, \{G "pal" "lass"\}.  Hope you've relaxed a minimum.  We're on the brink of war.  While you were getting stronger, the Rebels crushed a couple of Fed fleets, but the Bureau also destroyed tons of Rebel ships.  The Bureau seems to have suddenly become aware of our existence thanks to spies, I suppose thanks to the Moash family, but they don't yet know where we are.  It's just a matter of days I think.\
\
"I want you to contact Jay.  As fast as possible.  See if he wants out or if he's ok.  But he should normally have names of a few spies\'c9  Do that, then come back here.  Oh, and, by the way, no need to congratulate your crew for their 'new bodies' on my behalf: I already did it.  Seems like not only Al'Ario will be feared on the <PSN>\'c9"\
You smile, remembering you felt the same way right at the beginning, after Eamon's training.\
\
"Just a question, Ekrid.  What's this story about an attempt on your life?"\
Sadness contorts Malrow's features.\
"Ah, Haldora told you.  Well it would seem that Commander Holdor had had enough of me, and wanted me eliminated.  A few people of the Bureau were working with him on this one, but it would seem he didn't disclose our location to them.\
\
"I sent two people to find the culprit, a Commander and the Regular who had received the package from Holdor.  Only one of the two made it back, the other being killed by the Krim-Hwa.  Terrible story.  Holdor had an explosives professional working for him, and the two managed to find him, but then the Krim-Hwa intervened.\
\
"It was only a week later that the maker of the package was safely on a flight to Culuria.  He managed to get us some evidence against Holdor and showed him to us at the same time, before getting shot.  Luckily, he was taken care of pretty well, and is now in a good physical condition.\
\
"The trial is going on in a couple of days under the supervision of a XIC judge, and Holdor will been found guilty, with all the evidence we've got.  I am truly annoyed and sad that such a thing could happen.  But anyway, it's done, and I'm still alive.  Everything is back to normal!\
\
"And, what's more, the shipyard manufacturers will make the new ships available quite soon!  They prefer not to do it before the trial is over, though.  Sensible chaps\'c9"\
\
You go to your hangar and embrace all the members of your crew.  You, \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} and the crew spend the rest of the day telling your individual tales and anecdotes. \
At sunset, you kiss \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} good-bye and board your ship.\
Zack answers your first orders by a question:\
"Are we going to see Jay again, Al'Ario?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	973	"Defend Arpian Space;Arpia33"\
AvailBits: "(b933 | (((o471 & o472) & ((o473 & o474) & (o475 & o476))) & o477)) & !(b990 | b892)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 197\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 12\
CombatRating: /				System: Initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Ekrid Malrow meets you upon arrival.\
\
"Well done.  Nice job out there."\
He turns to Vriller.\
"Lock them up.  We'll deal with them later."\
\
"Listen, Al'Ario.  We have a problem.  The Bureau knows what's just happened: one of the traitors was just able to transmit a distress signal when you were attacking them.  That means there are 12 RAGE Gunboats coming this way, and most ships have either left the area for other missions or are under repair!\
\
"Most Commanders are therefore grounded here, getting the Culuria defence online, and are trying to get everything ready in case enemy ships land, but it's possible to take them out in space, and that's why you're needed.  We really need you up there, Al'Ario."\
\
He looks straight through you, and his eyes tell you of the gravity of the situation.\
"Can you do it?  You don't do it, we won't be able to do anything more for you.  I know this sounds a little unfair, but it's because it's an emergency, and if you don't help, it's possible there won't be an Arpia anymore, seeing that most warriors are out somewhere else right now\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	974	"Dogfight;Arpia34a"\
AvailBits: "b892 & !((b893 | b143) | (b182 | b235) | b990)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 194\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 10\
CombatRating: /				System: Sol (130)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: New England (138)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You enter the bar along with the 3 other Commanders you know best: Char-Tow, Argoal and Haldora.\
\
Little by little all the other Commanders enter the bar: Kur-Tchek, Berne, \{b891 "and three others you have never met, among which two women" "Aster, and two others you have never met, a man and a woman"\}.\
Once everyone is there, Malrow enters.\
\
"The war is on, people.  Our allies are soon going to be attacked one by one by all Fed troops or pretty much.  They are currently gathering at Sol, Nesre Primus, Nesre Secundus, Tichel and Kania.  I have arranged for all troops from our allies to attack at the same time as we do.\
\
"Haldora," he says, motioning to \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\}, "and Kur-Tchek, can you launch an attack on Nesre Secundus?"\
\{G "She" "He"\} answers that it can be done, and Kur-Tchek answers by the affirmative.\
"Good.  Heraan and Dechtakar forces will join you there.  Beware though, it is likely the Moash will come too\'c9"\
He then gives both of them a data-cube.\
"More details in here."\
\
"Char-Tow and Berne, you take Kania.  Some Polaris will join you there."\
Same replies.\
"Argoal and Aster, I want you to attack Nesre Primus.  The Rebs will be at the rendezvous."\
\{b891 "The first woman you don't know nods.  You notice her moves are those of a dancer, executed with grace.  She must be somehow involved in entertainment\'c9" "They both nod in acknowledgement."\}\
"Jygin and Ungli, you're on Tichel.  You'll get some Aurorans and some Polaris."\
So Jygin is the guy who seems to be a rich trader, and Ungli is a Hexporyen woman, or so it would seem.\
\
"Al'Ario, you will attack the Sol fleet.  Now you will have to do this pretty much on your own\'c9  Is that ok?"\
"Yes, no problem."\
"You will get the assistance of 2 ships.  But don't expect too much from them, they're only small time warriors.  You are capable of taking out the Feds.  But watch out though.  I've heard it's 10 big ships you'll encounter. I suggest a big enough use of the cloak and all weapons if you have any doubts\'c9  After wiping them out, head for New England and capture Krane from inside her office."\
He hands you an info data-cube.\
\
"Anyway, good luck Commanders. I hope I shall see you soon."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	979	"Fetch Llyrell;Arpia35a"\
AvailBits: "(b893 & b891) & !b894"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Earth (128)			ReturnStel: Ver'a Se (270)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Good to see you, Al'Ario.  I have had news from the Polaris.  They seem to have managed to free an enslaved Vell-os.  As you may well know, the Bureau has made Vell-os serve them by placing something in their head and by thus controlling their minds."\
You nod, recalling hearing that from the Polaris when you first went to Nil'ar Kemorya.\
\
"I have no idea how come, but anyway they now call upon you to bring them another Vell-os.  They want you to go to Earth, fight this Llyrell, and bring him to <RST> in the <RSY> system.  At the same time, the Rebels will launch another attack on New England, meaning that you will have no trouble on Earth."\
"Sounds good."\
\
"After that, a trial will be held for Krane, with telepaths as judges.  No denying the truth there\'c9  Anyway, kiss \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} good-bye and lift off," he finishes with a wink.\
\
You leave the Arpian HQ surrounded by some of the Arpian media journalists, throwing you questions like: "What does the future hold for Commander Krane?" and other Krane-related business.  Funny how they only started trying to see you after her capture.  Maybe they are only interested in Bureau affairs\'c9  After shaking them off, you cannot help but think that they will be out of business after the trial.  You go find \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} to tell \{G "her" "him"\} what you are to do next.\
\
After doing exactly what Malrow told you last, you sit in your captain chair and wonder why they would really want just the one Vell-os, and one in particular\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	986	"Alert Federation of alien threat;Arpia38"\
AvailBits: "b897 & !b898"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Altia (163)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
When you enter the bar, everyone seems more alert than usual and almost afraid, you note.\
\{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} leads you to the counter.\
\
"Hey, Gooms, what in the universe is going on here?"\
"Haven't you heard?  An alien threat.  Some kind of new species we had never seen beforehand has revealed itself in systems near here.  And they are truly dangerous!"\
"And what is it, is there some threat of invasion?"\
"Right on, Al'Ario.  We are under the impression that they will be coming 'en masse' in a little time\'c9"\
You all shiver at the idea.\
\{b896 "" "\\"Ouch\'c9  Anything positive?\\"\
\\"Argoal told me that they have put an end to most of the drug trade, and the slave trade has definitely come down now, after all their actions.  And Argoal's main operator also took a task force and completely annihilated the defence fleet of Harbor, meaning that Arpia now has a foothold there!  The main harbour of piracy, if one may say so, has now disappeared.  We have taken over!\\"\
\
Wow.  Four major victories in the past weeks: against the Bureau and its enslavement of Vell-os, against the Pirates, against the drug trade and against the slave trade!  This is pretty amazing.  Better news than the impending invasion\'c9\
"\}\
"By the way, Malrow wants to see you two.  So go to his office."\
\
For once, you notice a slight sign of fear on Malrow's face.  This alien threat must truly be real, and dangerous\'c9\
"Hello again, my friends. \{b979 " I see you enjoyed the honeymoon\'c9 " ""\} I suppose you have heard of this alien threat."\
"Tell us about it," asks Haldora.\
\
"You know that recently we found new systems around this one.  Well, we sent out a scout to have a look at what there lies inside.  Then we sent a group of scientists on the planet we named UVP-018.  Little later, a new sensor was developed and we asked that scout to test it out, and then came a special sighting: an ship of some alien life form, floating in space.\
\
"Afterwards, the scout tried to approach the alien ship.  No problem yet.  We then sent a terraforming team on to UVP-018.  And we continued our normal plans: the Krane Trial and the Pirate Strike.  We have now found evidence of a gathering of these aliens near the system where UVP-018 is.  It may seem normal, but it became alarming yesterday when they completely destroyed five ships sent around there to investigate.  And it would seem that they are preparing to go to UVP-018, then over here.\
\
"We are at risk of invasion by a very dangerous species.  And very powerful.  So what I want you to do is go warn certain governments.  Char-Tow has already left for Auroran Space.  I want you, Haldora, to go to the Tre'illica system on Tre'ar Helonis and warn the Polaris there.\
\
"Al'Ario, could you go to Altia in the Altair system?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	987	"Defend Culuria;Arpia39"\
AvailBits: "(b937 | b898) & !(b899 | b990)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 300\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 18\
CombatRating: /				System: Initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
With a heavy heart, you go to the bar.  This isn't good at all.  A fleet of 50 ships that are already powerful and an enormous ship with a cloak.  That could mean certain doom.  It all depends on if they decide to attack as a whole or not.  There may yet be some hope\'c9\
\
You see \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} waiting in the bar, talking to Char-Tow and Argoal.  When you greet them, you see they are all a little gloomy as well.  This threat is real, and you can feel it.\
\
After twenty minutes, the bar is full.  All the Commanders are present, and most warriors are too.  You spot \{b890 "Bobby Thrackton, now an Arpian Warrior and known as Birgo" "Fezzan, Abbyssa and Birgo among others"\}.  Yet, no one is talking.  No one feels like it.  It's like the threat has taken away the power of speech.\
\
Malrow enters through a backdoor and stands on a table.\
\
"Commanders, warriors, friends, members of our beloved organisation of Arpia, I salute you.  During the last years we have changed the face of the universe, fighting a great number of problems our society had to endure.\
\
"We overcame the ever-growing problem of piracy by fighting it, and by taking out the Associated Guild of Free Traders.  We fought crime by bringing it before the Xyon International Court.  We eliminated the slave trade by operating in a great number of ways, and we took out drug barons to stop a big part of the trade of alienating substances.  There was also the struggle against the Bureau of Internal Investigation that ended with the Krane Trial.  And of course there was the bomb case\'c9  It helped us open our eyes.\
\
"All those times we have been threatened, and never more so than when we were up against the Bureau.  But we survived each time, through perseverance and trust in each other."\
\
He pauses for a few seconds.\
"And now, my friends, we are threatened like never before.  An army of fifty powerful ships is ready to arrive here.  And there is a main ship that is more powerful than any other, and we do not know what role it will play in their invasion plans.  It is a fleet that has never seen the like in the past centuries in our known universe.\
\
"I know you fear it, and you know I fear it too.  I will put it plainly: we are outclassed.  They are more powerful, more deadly and more prepared.  Tomorrow may become a day called 'Armageddon'.  A day of death, a day of pain.  A day of sorrow and of loss.\
\
"The outcome would have been almost certain, were it not for something that has recently happened, a miracle in itself.  Our scientists have given the plans of the new Kristala Reactor to manufacturers, and they are now being produced 'en masse'.  They have also found a way to implement NuGen beings into ships once a reactor is in place.\
\
"This means that we have new advantages: the Kristala Reactor gives very good navigation advantages and the NuGen Integration procedure will give you better resistance to everything: better shields and shield recharge rate, better armour and armour regeneration rate, \'c9"\
A murmur of approval starts to rise.\
\
"Because of the crisis situation, these implements are at a very low price, and manufacturers will be compensated by Arpia itself.  Now, we will be able to rival these poor bastards because what we lack in attack, we gain in defence.  We of Arpia are capable of beating them!"\
\
People start to cheer, and Malrow starts to shout his words of encouragement.\
"Tomorrow will no more be a day of despair and sadness!  Tomorrow, we shall go to battle, with more confidence that they could ever have expected.  Tomorrow is the day the aliens will regret ever attacking us.  Tomorrow is our day!"\
\
The cheers are now deafening.  The whole place is shaking with the noise that is made.  You and all the other Commanders go to Malrow and lift him on your shoulders and out of the bar to his office.\
\
Once inside, he becomes more serious.\
"Commanders, this will indeed be a battle to remember.  Now, what I want to say to you, before we do anything else, is that this is the moment when you can decide to go on and win this battle for Arpia or leave and maybe see Arpia destroyed.  I can assure you that I need every single one of you.  None more than another.  I just need all of you.  This is the time for you to decide."\
\
Everyone shifts in his or her standing position.  Decision time is always pretty disturbing\'c9\
\
"Al'Ario.  Are you with me or not?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	990	"Destroy Alien main ship;Arpia40"\
AvailBits: "(b897 & b899) & !(b900 | b990)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 301\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: Dnun Har (777)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
In the morning, you go to the bar with \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} and have breakfast in the restaurant section.  Everyone is edgy, waiting for the final strike\'c9\
\
At quarter to 9, you pack up and go to the head office.\
\
Spot on 9, all 7 remaining Commanders are present in the office of the 6th floor.\
Malrow shows his plan.\
"Right.  We've gathered as much Intel as possible," he starts, nodding towards Argoal, "and this is what we know."\
Argoal continues.\
"It would seem that the main battleship (or whatever it is), the one referred to as 'Hygns't', has gone to the Dnun Har system, and will be staying there for a while.  In the meantime, there is a new big fleet of the 'Uhngys' fighters that has assembled in the Higiron system.  We have also managed to find the planet the aliens live on: it is situated in the Hogun system.  Co-ordinates and map routes for all these systems will be fed into your ship computers very soon."\
\
Not a sound, everyone is listening avidly to the instructions.  Even though you know Malrow still fears the aliens, you know he is the man in charge here, and he shows confidence and leadership.\
"Now, I'm going to separate you into different groups.  Unfortunately, I can't send more than one Commander to the main ship because of the sheer size of the fleet.  And we will only be able to send one team on their planet.  So here are my suggestions.\
\
"Argoal and Haldora, you will assemble a team of your best operators, as many as can fit in one stealth ship, and you will go to the planet.  I want explosives in enormous quantity and enough firepower to take on an army.  Get Vriller, Fezzan and Abbyssa on the crew."\
\
"Is that okay with you?"\
They both answer by the affirmative.\
\
"Al'Ario, you are, I believe, the best one we can send against the main ship.  Do you accept?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 HERE: storyline pause (40 days or so)
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	992	"Code-name: Frandall;Arpia41a"\
AvailBits: "b901 & !((b902 | b990) | b964)"\
AvailLoc: 
\f2\i \ul non
\f3\i0 \ulnone  Arpia G\'9avt (196) - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Culuria (518)			ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You settle in the bar, take a strong drink.  These last 6 weeks have been incredibly calm compared to what you dealt with while working for Arpia.  All the rest of the crew has gone off to watch a movie at the local cinema.  Haldora had told you many a time you were in need of a rest, but now it seems to be enough.  Your beloved one agrees.\
\
"Though, you know, it's been positive for you," Haldora continues.  "You seem to be in perfect control of yourself, and fully refreshed.\
"I've got an idea.  How about going to the Arpian HQ to speak with Malrow?  Maybe something has -"\
But \{G "she" "he"\} is interrupted by an alert signal on both of your intercoms.  You both pick up and listen to the same message.\
\
"Hello my turtledoves.  I'm in desperate need of your help.  Sorry if I'm interrupting anything, but this is an emergency.  Do I have your attention?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	994	"Defend Rebel II;Arpia42"\
AvailBits: "b903 & !(b904 | b990)"\
AvailLoc: Rebel II (434) - Bar		Special d\'9fde ID: 197\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 10\
CombatRating: /				System: Initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: Chase or Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Tre'ar Illini (230)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Three hours and a half have passed, and still no sign of any of the Rebel leaders.  \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} starts to stir.\
\
"Something isn't right.  They shouldn't be this delayed," \{G "she" "he"\} points out.  "I don't like it."\
You try to sense what is happening\{b890 ", and it dawns upon you all too soon" ""\}.  You turn to \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\}.\{b890 "" "\
\\"You have telepathic powers, no?  Can't you try to figure out what is going on?\\""\}\
\
"There is a big fleet of Feds and Bureau RAGE Gunboats coming this way.  The Rebels are preparing their transport ships as well as five defence ships."  \{b890 "Then you sense a messenger being sent for you." "Haldora then pauses an instant."\}  "They want us to help defend Rebel II.  Shall we go meet the Feds?", \{b890 "you ask Haldora, and you guess your love's answer" "Haldora asks, and you give your answer very soon"\}.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	995	"Gather up supporters;Arpia43a"\
AvailBits: "(b904 & b898) & !(b905 | b990)"\
AvailLoc: Tre'ar Illini (230) - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 187\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: Kel'ariy (237)\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Kel'ar Iy (254)			ReturnStel: Nil'ar Kemorya (232)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
General Smart arrives late in the bar and has a very worried look to his face.\
"What is it, General?"\
"We have just received news from one of the transports."\
"And?"\
"We may have a problem."\
\
Both of you move in your seats after hearing the words of the General.\
"A problem?  What would that be?," asks Haldora.\
"It appears that Frandall has developed a destroyer, same model as the normal Fed one, but with a new cloaking device, probably the Arpian model seeing as he was in the Rebellion.  This means the shielding isn't disabled during cloaking.  Now it would also seem that he has outclassed the Stingray Laser."\
"Outclassed?"\
"Yes.  He has a laser powerful enough to tear a Scarab apart in seconds.  But please, do not worry too much about that.  I will try to gather as much Intel as possible.  But in the meantime, I have missions for the two of you."\
\
"All right, Commanders.  We will need you two to separate for a while because we don't have much time.  Haldora, can you go to Rimerta and to Heraan to rally as big an army as possible?  They will have to destroy the Moash army."\
\{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} answers by the affirmative.\
"Good.  Here is a data-cube with the offensive plan we have put together so far.  Once you have done that, go to Earth and Dr Pentecost's faithful will be awaiting you there.\
\
"Al'Ario, I want you to go meet the Wraith.  They are alien creatures, very powerful, and we could use their help if we have to destroy Frandall and the Bureau, seeing what he now has as a destroyer.  For that, go to Kel'Ar Iy first.  The Polaris will tell you what to do.  Then go to <RST>."\
\
You nod, and add a little "yes, sir!" just to play the role\'c9\
"Good luck, Commanders."\
\
The Wraith?  Let's hope they don't react like the Hogun did\'c9\
Thinking of the Hogun sends a shiver through your spine.  Maybe Frandall's laser is somewhat like the Hogun one\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	997	"Challenge Frandall;Arpia44"\
AvailBits: "b905 & !(b906 | b990)"\
AvailLoc: Tre'ar Illini (230) - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 128\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: /						Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: New England (138)		ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
After chatting away in the bar for an hour with Malrow, you turn towards the door and see \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} coming in.  You and Ekrid wave to \{G "her" "him"\}, and \{G "she" "he"\} comes to your table.\
"Now what in the universe are you doing here, Ekrid?", \{G "she" "he"\} asks after greeting you as usual.\
He explains, and then the three of you talk of your past adventures.\
\
Thirty minutes later, you are summoned to see the General.\
\
"Commander, we now need you to go to New England and send a message challenging Frandall and the Bureau.  It will be risky, but it needs to be done.  We can't ask Haldora to do it because \{G "she" "he"\} needs to be around Earth when the battle is going on so that \{G "she" "he"\} can destroy all Bureau facilities.\
"Here is the message," he says, handing over a data-cube.  "If you want to really make them come with all their army, what you should do is deliver it to Frandall himself.  Do you think you can do it?"\
\
Outside, you meet \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\}.\
"Why do you have to go?", \{G "she" "he"\} asks.\
You tell \{G "her" "him"\} what Iuso and Arando told you, and \{G "she" "he"\} replies in the same way.  "I understand."\
"I won't be there when you come back.  So please take care.  I want to see you when this is finished."\
\
And with a kiss, you take off.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	998	"Operation Firestorm;Arpia45a"\
AvailBits: "b906 & !(b907 | b990)"\
AvailLoc: Nil'a Mjolnir (220) - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: 286\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: Polaris (199)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Ekrid Malrow is the one to greet you first.\
\
"Okay, Al'Ario.  This is the ultimate test of your power.  I know you can destroy Frandall's ship.  Now the thing is whether you will be confident enough while fighting.  If you lose any confidence, you will lose.  You know the effects of his weapon.  You will need to find his weakness.  For that, I can't help you.  But know he won't do stand-off attacks\'c9\
\
"In my opinion, he shouldn't be any harder than the Hogun master ship, but that's my opinion.  Maybe he's got more tricks up his sleeve\'c9"\
\
He comes up to you, \{G "and shakes your hand, with a firm grip." "and he gives you a big hug, and a peck on the cheek."\}\
"You have the potential to kill him.  End this tyrant's life.\
\
"The fight will be happening in the Polaris system.  But watch out: he may well first just send his army then come afterwards to finish you off, so for that, just jump out and back in to the system.  Good luck, Commander, Al'Ario, <PN>, my friend.  I hope to see you again."\
\
Then, with some reluctance, you leave him there in the spaceport.  You too hope to see him again.  If the weapon is as devastating as it seems, you will need all your skill and every weapon on your ship to destroy Frandall.\
\
After checking that all systems are fully operational, you give Zack the co-ordinates for the Polaris system.\
Before lifting off, you turn on the intercom.\
\
"Dearest crew, we have been through many a dangerous situation together.  We have always managed to survive, even if it was sometimes at the terrible cost of many lives.  If we are to go down facing Frandall and his army, let us do it at any rate by offering a magnificent show.  If we are to win, let us not do it as cowards.\
\
"This fight we will make, its outcome will mainly be determined by what we think it will be.  Therefore, let us all know we can beat Frandall.  Remember the Hygns't.  It was tough, but we managed.\
\
"And afterwards, every person present here on board will be able to tell how they were on the <PSN> when Frandall was taken down and live in glory till the end of their days.  Because this fight is the ultimate one.  Operation Firestorm WILL put an end to the Bureau, a definitive end.  I am counting on you."\
\
When you shut the intercom off, you turn to see Zack fighting the tears of joy and emotion back.\
"It has been a pleasure being under your command, Commander Al'Ario, \{G "sir" "ma'am"\}.  I think I speak for the rest of the crew when I say you have been the best captain we ever had, and we will not fail you."\
With that, he gives you a big hug, and the whole ship resounds with the crew's cheers.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 END OF PUBLIC FIGURE STORYLINE
\f3\b0 \
\
-----------------------------------------------------\
\

\f0\b SHADOW WARRIOR STORYLINE
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1002	"Slave-Runners I;Arpib17a"\
AvailBits: "b909 & !b910"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Trade	Special d\'9fde ID: 206\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 5\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Gladius Shipyards (311)	ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Once in the Trade Centre, you look around.  Traders are everywhere, either trying to get their goods sold or to buy some more.  You try to recognise a face.  No luck there.\
Then you feel a presence behind you.\
"Ah.  Al'Ario.  I see you wish to join us\'c9"\
\
Argoal takes you to a small room.  Five chairs are placed around a mahogany table.  Three people are already seated.  You recognise Vriller.  There is one woman present, and you guess, by the number of tattoos on her body, that she is Auroran.  The other person is a man in his mid-forties, with his hair jet black and dressed in a very expensive suit.\
\
"This here is Al'Ario. \{G "He" "She"\} is the one who brought us the recording.  Al'Ario, this is Commander Kur-Tchek," Argoal says, inviting you to shake the Auroran's hand, "head of Auroran monitoring.  And here is Mr. Drigglesbothe, Arpia's main lawyer and prosecutor."\
"How do you do?"\
Lawyer?  Prosecutor?\
"I was unaware Arpia had a judiciary system\'c9"\
\
"Well, you see," starts the lawyer, "Mr. Malrow may have the best opinions about Arpia, and may think it is perfect, but for the past five years it has taken amazing proportions and has become a true community, almost a whole civilisation."\
Somehow, you get the impression he's now going to talk for ages.\
"For such a civilisation to work, we need rules.  You may have heard of Mr. Berne, a Hexporyen Commander.  Indeed he is Mr. Malrow's closest advisor, a little like a Prime Minister.  And he, along with a group of people who work with him, forms the legislative body.  Mr. Malrow himself is the executive board.  And I have a number of people working for me who are part of the judiciary."\
\
Ah.  Shorter than you would have guessed.\
Kur-Tchek follows up.\
"Ahem\'c9  We are here for other matters than the explanation of the Arpian system\'c9  Al'Ario, we have a mission for you.  Consider it an extension of your first job for us.  Will you accept to work for us on this one?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1006	"Analyse Rebel Info;Arpib19"\
AvailBits: "b912 & !b913"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Rebel I (419)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You find Kur-Tchek in the bar, and decide to sit next to her.\
Halfway to her table, you notice her preoccupied expression, and decide it may be a bad idea to disturb her.  You change course and go for the counter.\
"No, no, Al'Ario.  It's ok.  Do sit down."\
\
"How are you doing?  I kept an eye on your movements, but never knew what was happening.  So, this Bwingle is the head of it, no?"\
"Yep."\
"That guy and his assistant Nusumo both have big criminal records.  Did Bwingle tell you about his 'maid'?"\
You answer, and still shiver of dread at the idea.\
"He is indeed a sick weirdo.  Would have passed a few millennia ago, but this is atrocious.\
\
"And I bet you he didn't tell you the most important thing there either: she was pregnant, and she had strangled the son because he had tried to kill the kid inside the womb: he wished to plant a stick through her to deal with the bastard son.  So in fact, the father cut the foetus in front of her own eyes as she was suffering like hell.  If I ever got as near to him as he got to you, he'd be dead within half a second."\
"I have to admit I felt like killing him too\'c9"\
\
You then spot Argoal come through the door.\
"Ah, Al'Ario.  I was looking for you.  We have analysed most of the info the Rebels gave us, but there are still some points on which we need more details and a little analysis.  Could you go to Rebel I in the Evlei system and dissolve the blur?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1007	"Drug Investigation;Arpib20"\
AvailBits: "b913 & !b914"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 128\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: ReturnStel's system\
Cargo: /						Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: Vrenna (219)			ReturnStel: Hearth (198)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You follow your feet and find yourself at the counter.\
"Oy, Al'Ario!  Glad to see you," says Gooms.\
"Hey Gooms.  How's business?"\
"Same as usual, although I'm now also getting a couple of Rebs."\
\
He leans over to you.\
"Between us, they're truly fussy," he says, and continues with an ironic voice.  "Really nice\'c9  'Gooms, three drinks.  21ml of milk, 37ml of Korthey, 9ml of bottled water and 3ml of Evlei Juice.  And make it fast: we don't have all day'."\
\
He lets go of his nasal imitation, and goes on in his normal voice.\
"With such orders, it takes me five minutes to get three drinks done.  Imagine that!  But they're way nicer when they're not ordering: it's probably just their discipline that makes them unpleasant.\
"Anyway, what can I get you?"\
\
A cup of Korthey in hand, you make your way over to Argoal who has just settled down.\
"Hm\'c9  I love that smell\'c9  Can I take a sip?"\
"Sure."\
\
You wait a little for the reply to come back as well as the cup.\
"Thanks.  My new mission for you: drugs."\
"Drugs?"\
"Outbound."\
"Why?  What's over there apart from Vrenna Ice Lizards?"\
"An enormous amount of people who don't come for Ice Pelts\'c9\
\
"Ever heard of TCTLIDS and FATE?"\
"Sure.  A highly addictive narcotic.  TCTLIDS were discovered in deep space, and from them scientists created FATE."\
"Right.  And FATE has been a major problem ever since.  That's 100 years of addiction.  Well, to this day it was the best way to get high.\
\
"Now something new has appeared on the market: something called InfiNight.  It seems to have stronger effects than FATE, and some people actually think it's healthy, though I really don't think so.  People get higher, if that's possible.  It costs more, of course, and is more addictive.  More of everything in fact\'c9  At least, that's the little we've been able to gather so far.\
\
"It's still fresh on the market but already has an incredible importance.  We therefore need to get a sample so we can analyse it and see what can be done about it.  We're starting to take advantage of the fact that XIC gave us the job of 'Galactic Police'\'c9\
\
"So go to Vrenna and find out what you can.  Here is a fake identity for you just in case.  Name of Juvenius.  Good luck," \{G "she" "he"\} says, handing you over a fake passport and details.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1009	"Contact Possible Recruit;Arpib22"\
AvailBits: "b914 & !b915"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Georgia (175)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You go see Gooms, chat away for a good twenty minutes, interrupted by a few clients.\
"Aw, that's darn awful.  I mean, FATE has been a poison all these years, and now they've got far worse?  Eugh.  Disgusting."\
He then leans over to you.\
"Though I'll admit a little drug addicting people to my drinks wouldn't annoy me that much, eh?," he says and both of you have a small laugh.\
"Oh, by the way, before I forget, 'le Patron' told me he wanted to see you.  He'll be in here in, let me see, about five minutes."\
"Thanks, Gooms.  And while I'm here, hand over a Fuzzy Fuzz."\
\
Five minutes later, Malrow seats himself opposite you.\
"Good afternoon, Al'Ario.  I've got another mission for you.  I want you to go make contact with a possible new recruit.  We have been keeping an eye on her for a month now, and she is an interesting case.  Here's her file."\
\
Helose Charda, born Primira, Auroran from Water Moon.  From her young age on she took part in groups of peace militants.  They would try to make contact with Auroran or Federation officials, sometimes even both at the same time, trying to find a diplomatic solution.  When she was thirteen, a Moashi representative asked her to stay back for a private interview.  In truth, the rest of the group was liquidated and she was raped.\
\
After this dreadful event, she forgot about any kind of diplomatic procedure.  And began a life as a 'peace fighter', more like a terrorist than like a negotiator.  Her targets being impulsive and xenophobic public figures, army manufacturers and their factories, \'c9\
\
"No one knows how she manages to survive nor to get the cash for all these operations, but it seems she's pretty resourceful.  She's as straight as it comes when it comes to regulations, except when it comes to murdering 'nasty politicians' and crippling military warfare.  And yet no one pursues her anymore because of the difficulty of finding her.  In fact, it's sheer luck that made us know where she's staying these coming weeks: Georgia\'c9"\
\
A ghost, that's what she is.  The perfect Shadow Warrior, who does the job then leaves without a trace.\
"Argoal is deeply interested in her case.  And I reckon you will soon realise what she could do\'c9  So approach her.  Be careful, because we don't know how she could react.\
\
"Good luck, Al'Ario, and may you return in one piece from Georgia, not one thousand different scattered bits\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1010	"ATTN: Al'Ario;Arpib23"\
AvailBits: "b915 & !b916"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - BBS	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Simpson (148)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Helose Charda has been successful on her last missions.  Greet her on Simpson and test her fighting abilities, like Haldora did to you.  Afterwards, come back to Culuria.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1011	"Bring down Hillona;Arpib24a"\
AvailBits: "b916 & !b917"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 128\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: ReturnStel's system\
Cargo: /						Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: Hearth (198)			ReturnStel: Gem (165)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You enter the restaurant section of the bar, and go order a breakfast.\
You go up to Bard who is serving it as usual.\
"Heeeey.  Al'Ario, how ya doing?  I gather you've become a Commander.  Well done, \{G "mate" "girl"\}!"\
"How do you know?"\
He bends over towards you to whisper something.\
"That's an Arpian secret\'c9"\
You fake choking to death.\
"Yeah right, Bard."\
"Well in fact it's called the Arpian News Ticker.  Every piece of news is displayed on it, and there's a beep whenever something big is coming on.  And it beeped before the announcement of your promotion."\
\
You then try to find an empty seat, and the only one left is at the table of a face you have seen before.  The man is dressed expensively, and an aura of cleanness emanates from him.  He is shuffling through the pages of a file, and has a concerned look to his face.  Mr. Drigglesbothe, Arpia's main lawyer.\
\
"Hello, Mr. Drigglesbothe."\
The man looks up.\
"I know your face.  Aren't you the newly appointed Commander, Al'Ario?"\
"That is I.  How are you doing?"\
"Not so good in fact.  It's all these illegal things happening, most of them handled by the CTHQ.  I am in close relationship with the XIC, and ipso facto must read through all their laws and judgements regarding the subjects or slave trading and drugs.  I might add that no one had thought slaves existed today, so there aren't any modern laws concerning them.  At least, after you complete your mission and the man is sentenced to lifetime incarceration, I'll only have three quarters of the current paperwork\'c9"\
"My mission?"\
"Did you not know?  Argoal has appointed you for the mission of uttermost importance concerning InfiNight.  Well, I doubt \{G "she" "he"\} will keep you in the dark for much longer."\
\
Indeed, Argoal comes to the bar little later, and gives you a package.\
"Al'Ario, you first job as a Commander will be to get us rid of Mr. Hillona, and as many of his men as possible at the same time.  In the package you will find a series of our newest kind of handcuffs.  If you manage to arrest more people, use roping or anything of the like.\
\
"Go to Hearth, drop a beacon at the place you found and try to see if Hillona is around.  If not, go to wherever you may find him.  The beacon will help our team of 'cleaners' to deal with that place pretty fast.  They will arrive on Hearth soon enough after you.  Please get the smugglers alive."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1013	"Head for New England;Arpib25"\
AvailBits: "b917 & !b918"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: New England (138)		ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
An hour gone by, Argoal comes in.\
\
"Good to see you're interested.  Listen, when Haldora went to meet the Rebels to try to get an alliance treaty signed, they told us they needed an agent extracted because he had been compromised.  So we sent in our best spy, Jay Greyburn.  He has been on New England since, gathering as much Intel as possible.\
\
"Yesterday he made a certain move meaning he wants to hand over a data-cube.  We therefore want you to try to land on New England with discretion.  Jay will meet you there.  He will hand over a data-cube concerning what he's found on the Bureau.  This data-cube will have to go straight to Ekrid.\
\
"You up to it?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1016	"Pirate Raid VII;Arpib27"\
AvailBits: "b919 & !(b882 | b920)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 203\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 8\
CombatRating: /				System: Lotus (176)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
When you wake up, you take a good shower with a bottle of Jhy Humm\'a8: \{G "Cleansing Shampoo" "Divine Freshness for Women"\}\'aa you managed to find in a small store on Culuria.  \{G "It just takes you two minutes to get all ready.  After all, it isn't considered so manly to spend half an hour in the shower.  You can't help thinking that shampoo is pretty good.  In fact it's very good, seeing that men find it cleansing even though most only use it for a minute or two\'c9" "My, oh my, does that feel good.  You can imagine the nano-particles flowing through your body and giving your whole body, inside and outside, a sense of freshness.  Poor people who lived 1000 years ago, you think to yourself.  It must have been so boring just to have shampoo that smelt good\'c9  You stay in the shower for another thirty minutes."\}\
\
You then make your way towards the Arpian HQ.  Every time you pass in front of it, you cannot help staring at it.  It captures your attention, even when you try not to look.  Meh\'c9 why do you bother?  It must be something typically done for this building.\
\
Just in front of the doors, you meet Holdor.\
"Hello, Commander."\
He mumbles something you can't make out, but he seems angry so you don't insist.\
\
And with that, he wanders off, limping slightly, you notice.\
Well, Char-Tow sure was right: Holdor is weird.  Grumpy a day, cheerful another, you really don't know what to make of him\'c9\
\
You decide to let it go, and, feeling in shape, take the stairs to the sixth floor.  After the 120 steps, 20 for each 3 metre high floor, you are there in no time.\
\
"Hello, Ekrid."\
"How are you feeling?"\
"Fine, thanks."\
He frowns and looks at you in the eyes.\
"You went up the stairs, didn't you?"  He smiles.  "Not so many people do it these days.  Good to see they still serve a minimal purpose.\
Anyway, are you ready to take young Jullin on another raid?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1017	"Investigation on 'X';Arpib28"\
AvailBits: "((b920 | b953) | (b882 & b919)) & !(((((((b921 | b985) | (b921 | b922))) | ((b2000 | b2001) | (b923 | b924))) | ((b2002 | b2003) | (b925 | b926))) | ((b2004 | b2005) | (b927 | b927))) | (b928 | b2006))"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You enter the bar, order a Kroob Kurd, and settle down in front of a news ticker.\
You barely have the time to take a sip before something big explodes outside.  You can hear screams, glass shattered, and panic emerging.\
All inside the bar leave to see what has just happened.\
\
A cloud of black smoke rises from the Arpia HQ.  You have a look at the building and see the whole 6th floor damaged.  Ekrid!\
Emergency services come pouring in and rush into the building.  While the crowd gets bigger and bigger, the emergency services evacuate the building, lead every injured person to the medical trucks and crafts, and try to evaluate the situation.  A search begins for every single person who was in the building at the time.  After five minutes, you recognise Ekrid's unconscious body being led with all speed and all care to a medical craft that leaves to the nearest medical facility.\
The sound of disaster fills the morning\'c9\
\
After a couple of hours, a special announcement is made on the news channel.\
"After two hours of mobilisation of the whole medical staff, the medical teams have announced, very relieved, that there are no dead.  There are two people who are in a critical situation: Ekrid Malrow and Commander Aster, and the doctors are doing their best to keep them alive and well\'c9"\
And so it goes on, describing the morning events.\
"It would appear it was a package delivered by a Regular member to Ekrid Malrow yesterday evening, though Mr Malrow, despite his critical situation, has vouched for the loyalty of the Regular and made sure that no action is taken without his approval."\
\
A moment later, you get a message on your beeper.\
"Ekrid Malrow wants you over at the main hospital right away."\
\
You have to go past two security barriers and checks before you are allowed near Ekrid Malrow.  A man is waiting by his side.\
Malrow opens his eyes, and motions for both of you to approach him.\
With a faint voice, he gives you his instructions.\
\
"Al'Ario, this is Durtoi.  Durtoi, Al'Ario.  Al'Ario is an Arpian Commander.  Durtoi is the Regular who brought the package."\
Both of you shake hands.\
"Good.  My friends, I want you to find the person, said 'X', who gave \{b919 "Durtoi" "Al'Ario"\} the package."\
Ekrid swallows as he can, then continues.  He seems to be in such pain\'c9\
"Durtoi received the package on Sirius II.  I therefore want both of you to go there and lead your investigation.  Al'Ario, use your Juvenius ID if need be."\
A small struggle against the pain, and he continues.\
\
"I chose you, Al'Ario, because I do not doubt you and because I know your abilities for the job.  Work as a team, and find out what you can.  You will be out there with no help.  I won't maintain contact with you either.  Just find out who did this and bring him or her to me.  And you'd better get going as fast as possible, otherwise people will have forgotten\'c9"\
He starts having a fit.  You urgently call the nearby doctors.\
\
Both of you watch and wait as the doctors fight to keep Ekrid Malrow alive and well.\
After a quarter of an hour, the main doctor comes to you, sweating like a pig.\
"It's ok.  He's asleep."\
His speech then turns into a whisper.\
"You'd better leave as quietly and as fast as possible.  Do your mission, then come back.  Good luck.  Now go."\
\
Durtoi comes aboard your ship.\
"I'm ready, Commander," he says.\
"Drop the 'Commander'.  We're in this together, as equals."\
"Ok, Al'Ario.  Come on, let's get going.  As Mr Malrow said, we'd better get going or people will forget\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 \ul 'X' investigation - not included in Walkthrough
\f3\i0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1027	"'X' Trial;Arpib31"\
AvailBits: "(b985 & b919) & !b931"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Xyon (144)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
As you eat your breakfast, Holdor's interrogation and trial to come, plus the whole file on the "Malrow Attack" investigation are the only subjects presented on the Culuria News Channel (CNC).  No doubt it's the same on the Yubenia Broadcasting Channel (YBC) and also on Gwaark TV, the channel with a choice of programs so important everyone and anyone can tune in to see what they want, at any time of day.  You're surrounded by the new media frenzy, no escaping it\'c9\
\
Bard sits down beside you.\
"Hey, Al'Ario.  I'm sorry about what happened to Durtoi.  Truly.  I knew him personally, and he was a nice guy.  And he had faith in his God and in his job.  Then came in those with other gods\'c9  Damn shame."\
You just stare at your cup of green tea, thinking of everything that happened during the past weeks.\
"Anyway, Argoal told me you are needed at CTHQ.  We'll catch up later, I suppose."\
\
"Hello, Al'Ario.  I trust you are fully rested?"\
"Yes, I am.  I mean I slept 10 hours straight, so I think that's enough."\
"Good, good," says the head of Intel.\
\
"We need your help.  Since Ekrid has gone to Misfire to meet Cardinal Thrang, Char-Tow has a bit more work to do, so he can't take part in Holdor's interrogation.  Vriller is all available, but we need someone else just in case.  Could you therefore go with him, put a little pressure on Holdor, ask any questions you find important?"\
"Yes, I can do that."\
"Okay, I'll be in the observation room, and will try to break his mental barriers from there, try to make him say everything he really thinks.  Indeed, lie detectors will not work on him.  But telepathy sure has an effect on everyone\'c9"\
You remember what happened on your ship to Abbyssa.  It can indeed produce pretty interesting effects\'c9\
\
The room is dimly lit and pretty empty, apart from a table and a chair.  Holdor is impassive but you see him smile slightly as he sees you enter the room.\
"Commander Holdor," says Vriller after stating date, time and people present for the benefit of the recording, "we already have pretty good evidence against you.  Do not forget what you said before your capture\'c9  And anyway we can also use your shooting an innocent, unarmed man."\
Holdor's face still remains as blank and emotionless as ever.\
\
"Tell us for how long you have been working with the Bureau."\
"I worked with the Bureau upon numerous occasions when I was working in the Federation Navy.  I cannot recall how long that was."\
Vriller turns towards the wall behind which the people in the observation are monitoring everything.\
"Stop playing these games with us, Commander.  Tell us for how long you have been working with the Bureau in the past ten years."\
He doesn't answer.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1028	"Slave-runners III;Arpib32a"\
AvailBits: "b931 & !b932"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Trade	Special d\'9fde ID: 142\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: ReturnStel's system\
Cargo: /						Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Airfor (381)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Inside the Trade Centre you make your way to the room where Kur-Tchek and Argoal had first given you a "Shadow Warrior" mission.\
The mahogany table is just as it was then, and this time the third person is Helose Charda, now known as Fezzan.\
\
"Al'Ario, it's been a while.  How are you?," asks Kur-Tchek.\
"I'm fine, thank you very much.  And you?  Fezzan, good to see you!"\
"Good to see you too.  I am now an Arpia Cleaning Team member, ever since I became an Arpian Warrior."\
"She is doing great, you know.  And you'll be seeing a bit more of her, I'm sure," says Argoal.\
\
"Did you hear new systems have been found to provide a link between this system and what is known as Krypt space?," asks Kur-Tchek.\
"I was not aware of that."\
"Well, it's breaking news.  Just like the fact that new ships are being made available in shipyards.  You should check them out\'c9  Anyway, how's the arm?"\
"It's going just fine, I've taken a liking to it."\
Argoal steps in the conversation.\
"You had better: its services are required once more."\
\
\{G "She" "He"\} takes a file out of \{G "her" "his"\} suitcase, and lays it on the table.\
"That Worm virus your electronics man created for the Krim-Hwa database serves its purpose in an incredible way.  It has saved many lives so far, and has already been used as a weapon against the Krim-Hwa, and until it is eradicated, which may take time, it will help us find out loads of information we were unaware of until now.\
\
"What we now want is for you to go to Airfor and plant another Worm, this time in the Slave-running organisation's database.  Once again, make sure Nunder'wan designs a harmless Worm, one that simply gives access to whoever controls it."\
\
Kur-Tchek then opens the file and slides a sheet of paper across the table to you.\
"This is a satellite picture taken three days ago, so the information should still be valid, unless they are even more organised than we think.  Study it well.  The building in red is the target, the building containing the system mainframe.  Of course, the mainframe itself is in a supercomputer twenty metres underground.  But that is of no importance to you.\
\
"The buildings in green, mostly surrounding the target, all contain guards.  They have camera monitoring five hundred metres around the target, and crosscheck every single person entering this security radius against a black list.  No doubt your figure will be on top of the list.\
\
"So, the main question is the following: do you reckon you can get inside the target building, send in the worm and get out alive?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	973	"Defend Arpian Space;Arpia33"\
AvailBits: "(b933 | (((o471 & o472) & ((o473 & o474) & (o475 & o476))) & o477)) & !(b990 | b892)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 197\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 12\
CombatRating: /				System: Initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Ekrid Malrow meets you upon arrival.\
\
"Thanks a million for what you did down there: you've saved many lives and have dealt a mighty blow to Bwingle.  But there is an urgent matter I have to tell you about.\
\
"I sent Haldora to deal with a few traitors Jay Greyburn unmasked before being discovered himself, but the Bureau knows about it because one was just able to transmit a distress signal as Haldora was on them.  That means there are 12 RAGE Gunboats coming this way, and most ships have either left the area for other missions or are under repair!\
\
"Most Commanders are therefore grounded here, getting the Culuria defence online, and are trying to get everything ready in case enemy ships land, but it's possible to take them out in space, and that's why you're needed.  We really need you up there, Al'Ario."\
\
He looks straight through you, and his eyes tell you of the gravity of the situation.\
"Can you do it?  You don't do it, we won't be able to do anything more for you.  I know this sounds a little unfair, but it's because it's an emergency, and if you don't help, it's possible there won't be an Arpia anymore, seeing that most warriors are out somewhere else right now\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	974	"Dogfight;Arpia34a"\
AvailBits: "b892 & !((b893 | b143) | (b182 | b235) | b990)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 194\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 10\
CombatRating: /				System: Sol (130)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: New England (138)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You enter the bar along with the 3 other Commanders you know best: Char-Tow, Argoal and Haldora.\
\
Little by little all the other Commanders enter the bar: Kur-Tchek, Berne, \{b891 "and three others you have never met, among which two women" "Aster, and two others you have never met, a man and a woman"\}.\
Once everyone is there, Malrow enters.\
\
"The war is on, people.  Our allies are soon going to be attacked one by one by all Fed troops or pretty much.  They are currently gathering at Sol, Nesre Primus, Nesre Secundus, Tichel and Kania.  I have arranged for all troops from our allies to attack at the same time as we do.\
\
"Haldora," he says, motioning to \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\}, "and Kur-Tchek, can you launch an attack on Nesre Secundus?"\
\{G "She" "He"\} answers that it can be done, and Kur-Tchek answers by the affirmative.\
"Good.  Heraan and Dechtakar forces will join you there.  Beware though, it is likely the Moash will come too\'c9"\
He then gives both of them a data-cube.\
"More details in here."\
\
"Char-Tow and Berne, you take Kania.  Some Polaris will join you there."\
Same replies.\
"Argoal and Aster, I want you to attack Nesre Primus.  The Rebs will be at the rendezvous."\
They both nod in acknowledgement.\
"Jygin and Ungli, you're on Tichel.  You'll get some Aurorans and some Polaris."\
So Jygin is the guy who seems to be a rich trader, and Ungli is a Hexporyen woman, or so it would seem.\
\
"Al'Ario, you will attack the Sol fleet.  Now you will have to do this pretty much on your own\'c9  Is that ok?"\
"Yes, no problem."\
"You will get the assistance of 2 ships.  But don't expect too much from them, they're only small time warriors.  You are capable of taking out the Feds.  But watch out though.  I've heard it's 10 big ships you'll encounter. I suggest a big enough use of the cloak and all weapons if you have any doubts\'c9  After wiping them out, head for New England and capture Krane from inside her office."\
He hands you an info data-cube.\
\
"Anyway, good luck Commanders. I hope I shall see you soon."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1032	"Krane Interrogation;Arpib35"\
AvailBits: "(b893 & b933) & !b934"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 1 ton					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Diva (147)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
As you eat your breakfast, Krane's interrogation and trial to come are the only subjects presented on CNC, YBC and on Gwaark TV.  You're once again surrounded by a new media frenzy, no escaping it.  Just like in Holdor's time.  Somehow that seems far away.  Strange.\
\
"Hello, Al'Ario.  How are you?"\
You turn to see Ekrid Malrow.\
"Hi, Ekrid.  I'm doing fine, just fine.  Except for the fact that the media is only speaking about Krane."\
He smiles.\
"I know the feeling.  Unfortunately, since we try to be a government respectful of a few civic freedoms, I do not control what they choose to speak about, and right now Krane is the theme that gets them the biggest audience, so they're fighting over it.\
\
"Anyway.  Thanks so much for what you did.  Concerning the matter, you're wanted to help with a few questions," he says, trying to make sure the few journalists in the breakfast lounge don't understand what he is talking about.\
It's your turn to smile.\
"All right, Mr Malrow.  I'll report for duty right away."\
"You do that, my \{G "lad" "girl"\}.  Good luck."\
\
A little, cold breeze outside is probably what sends a little shiver down your spine.  Then again, it may still be the fact that Krane will be a tough person to interrogate\'c9\
\
"Good to see you, Al'Ario," says Argoal as \{G "she" "he"\} greets you.  "What we want to do is to get a confession from Krane's own mouth that the Bureau is the one controlling the Federation by unlawful means such as force, corruption, blackmail and many more.\
\
We then want to get to know a bit more concerning the illegal operations the Bureau is involved in, and maybe find out a little more about her implication in the Holdor case.\
\
"Now, this nut is going to be tough to crack, and I don't know if telepathy will have such an effect on her since she has been using the Vell-os as slaves\'c9  I'll be in the observation room anyway, and I will do my best.  Good luck."\
\
You find yourself once again in the interrogation room, dimly lit and empty but for a table and a chair.\
Even though she has been defeated in battle, Commander Krane still looks defiant?  Her blonde hair is as \{G "stunning" "well-presented"\} as ever.  Let's hope telepathy annoys her\'c9\
\
Vriller states time, date, and people present for the benefit of the recording, then proceeds to ask the first question.\
\
"Commander Krane, we have reason to believe that the Federation is no longer what it once was, that the Bureau controls it officiously by illegal means such as blackmail and sheer force.  How do you answer to this\'c9 problem?"\
"I have nothing to say.  I will not answer without my lawyer."\
\
"Unfortunately, he was killed by soldiers because he was menacing them with a loaded pistol.  Self-defence.  I think you will therefore have to do the same thing then, defend yourself," he concludes with a faint smile.\
\
Krane thinks for a moment, biting her lips alternatively and looking back and forth from Vriller to you.\
\
"You won't get anything from me, you lousy little insects.  I have many friends in high places who could get your tiny organisation banned and hunted down in a day."\
"I doubt these 'friends' will do anything now that you aren't lurking right behind them with a charged blaster in hand, Commander," you say with contempt.\
"How dare you!," she answers, outraged.  You can see Vriller smiling brightly.\
<al'ario 1 krane 0>, comes Argoal's mind message.\
\
As Krane is cooling down a little, Vriller continues.\
"We have firm evidence that high officials in the Federation have been approached by Bureau personnel and offered advantages most could not refuse.  Those who refused seem to have disappeared for a while, permanently in some cases, and on return they bore scars and many other external and internal signs of violence.\
\
"Others were given a file containing information on various different aspects of their life that could be harmful to their political career.  Research tells us the information comes from the Krim-Hwa databases, an organisation whose information gathering system, an offshoot of their ministries, is being condemned by the Xyon International Court as we speak.\
\
"There were those who accepted the fact that such files existed and would be used, there were those who found it preposterous.  The latter also seem to have been missing for a certain length of time.\
\
"All of these people have testified that they were 'asked' to oblige whenever they received 'invitations' from the Bureau to do this or that.\
\
"We would now like to hear your version of the facts before you tell it to the XIC-designated Bureau Trial judges."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1033	"Slave-runners IV;Arpib36"\
AvailBits: "b934 & !b935"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Trade	Special d\'9fde ID: 296\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 8\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: 20 tons					Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: Airfor (381)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Inside the Trade Centre, off to the usual briefing room.\
The mahogany table is where it has always been, and this time you see Kur-Tchek, Vriller and Argoal.\
\
"Great job on Diva, Al'Ario.  We thank you a thousand times for that, and so does the Federation that is not under the Bureau's clutches," says Argoal.\
\
"And while you were out there, we got a few more confessions out of Krane, and now have plenty of evidence," Vriller tells you.  "She didn't like the 'therapy' Argoal was giving her, not one bit\'c9  But anyway, she is now locked up until the trial, which should be taking place during this next mission of yours."\
"Tell me about it," you reply.\
\
Kur-Tchek leans over the table and looks at a sheet of holo-paper.\
"According to the spies we have in the business, who are in fact just about to leave, Bwingle didn't take kindly to that job you did.  Not kindly at all in fact, and he punched Nusumo in the face.  The right hand didn't like that at all, and did what he had been planning on doing for a while: he simply shot Bwingle a dozen times with his blaster.\
\
"He then assumed the late Pieter Bwingle's position as head of the operation, and intensified all activity, doubling the shipments and sales.  If we don't act now, it's going to get really chaotic, with even more massive amounts of people driven into slavery.\
\
"According to latest satellite images, he is on Airfor.  Our agents tell us they have the list of all the people working in the trade, so we are currently getting ready for a massive cleaning operation.  Ships are on standby all over the Auroran Empire, with targets acquired and locked.\
\
"You are to take a couple of large ships, which have been transformed into prisoner ships, to Airfor.  Land and use stuns on everyone belonging to the organisation.  Try to get them arrested, as many as possible.  We don't want too many casualties.  Your main target is Nusumo.  Don't let him slip away.\
\
"Upon completion, bring all prisoners back here.  Good luck, Commander."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1034	"Pirate Strike;Arpib37a"\
AvailBits: "b2009 & !((b2008 | b936) | (b2010 | b2011))"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Shipyard	Special d\'9fde ID: 229\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: ReturnStel's system\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Harbor (422)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You wander into the shipyard, and take a look around.  For once, it is pretty empty.  No one is out buying ships, no one is enquiring about this model or that one.  You spot the manager, a man with long, dark hair, somewhere in his early fifties.\
"Iguine!," you shout out.\
\
"Al'Ario!  Good to see you, my friend.  I'm sorry, the shipyard is closed today."\
"You mean for Argoal's Pirate Strike too?"\
"Ah, you're on it.  Should have known.  No, don't worry.  \{G "She" "He"\} is waiting for you all in my office."\
"Oh.  You lent it to Argoal?"\
\
"Well, \{G "she" "he"\} was looking for a place, not too big, but where \{G "she" "he"\} could brief half a dozen people\'c9"\
"Half a dozen?"\
"Yep.  Looks like you're going to try to take Harbor out with just a few ships\'c9  Good luck, \{G "boy" "girl"\}!"\
\
"I hoped you would come," says Argoal.\
\
You say hello to everyone, and take in who is already there.\
Abbyssa, Fezzan, Char-Tow, Kur-Tchek and a Warrior called Birgo are there.  You also see an older man, hate burning in his eyes.  Looks like you're pretty much the last one.\
\
"I'm glad that we did not have to wait long for all of you to be here.  Vriller will be arriving any minute now, but he already knows about the operation.\
\
"As you all know, we are going to start the operation called 'Pirate Strike'.  The objective is to obliterate, at least paralyse, all piracy and illegal activity in the system of Scheall.  Olaf Greyshoulders," says Argoal, pointing towards the older man, "will be our guide there.  He knows the space station better than anyone alive, and will take part in the ground combat.\
\
"You are among the best in your field, Abbyssa and Fezzan for explosives, the other four of you for combat.  I'm sure others such as Haldora or Berne would have come, had they not been asked to go to the Krane Trial, but you are here, and that's more than enough.\
\
"We will only be using three ships, so that we do not attract ourselves attention as we head for Scheall.  Indeed, most people will have their eyes turned towards Earth, where Krane will be condemned, and the Bureau along with her.\
\
"This means that the Pirates themselves have planned many operations all over Federation and Auroran space, and this implies a much smaller garrison guarding their base.  So now is the moment to strike, when their defence is at its weakest."\
\
"How many do you expect to be there?," asks Char-Tow.\
"According to my sources, we'll have twenty ships waiting in orbit, and more troops on the ground.  McGowan has his Carrier armed and is coming back from a little 'hunting', so he himself will probably join the fight soon enough once we get inside the system."\
\
"What ships do we take?," you ask.\
"I have three Arpia Sylvathai readily outfitted and armed that have been put aside for the mission.  They are a newer, upgraded model, with more space for weaponry, more armour, and a few other touches that make it more suitable for this kind of mission.\
\
"They are readily armed with a pair of normal, destroying Wraithii Generators, have two Rocket Launchers, one Stingray Laser and both rear and front Anti-Missile beam turrets.  Instead of cargo space we fitted in an extra Akarui Bay, holding the prototype cloak-equipped version of these fighters, and can therefore have eight of these ships ready at all times.  They also have two 400mm Turreted Railguns fitted.  Iguine did a great job.\
\
"Of course, the disadvantage is that the speed is now lower, same for the acceleration.  You also only have about 80 tons of cargo hold.  But these prototypes come with a cloak, with a utilities kit, with a few Polaris shield and armour outfits and with a Matter/Anti-Matter Reactor as a bonus\'c9 That way, we know they can handle the tough mission we've been assigned to.\
\
"Iguine says that he can it for 14 million and a half credits, while the version he'll make available in shipyard, without all the extra outfitting, will cost about 12 million.\
\
"If you or Char-Tow wish to take your own ship, do so.  I myself am taking one of them, and I reckon I'll pay to keep it."\
\
"I'll take the new Sylvatha.  How much do I need to pay if I want to keep it?," says Char-Tow.\
"Ekrid said that a possibility is to block your salary, arrange for you not to get paid for this mission and make you pay a sum of 2.175.000 credits after the job.  The salary cut would be done during exactly one year.  Arpia will still pay you the reward cash for all other jobs, so that you don't starve."\
\
"Sounds good to me.  Who do we pay?"\
"At the end of the mission, we'll be given the details concerning who is to pay.\
\
"And you, Al'Ario?  Do you keep your ship or do you want a new, upgraded Arpian Sylvatha?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1037	"Alert Polaris of alien threat;Arpib38"\
AvailBits: "b936 & !(b937 | b6666)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Tre'ar Helonis (234)		ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
When you enter the bar, everyone seems more alert than usual and almost afraid, you note.\
Your habits lead you to the counter.\
\
"Hey, Gooms, what in the universe is going on here?"\
"Haven't you heard?  An alien threat.  Some kind of new species we had never seen beforehand has revealed itself in systems near here.  And they are truly dangerous!"\
"And what is it, is there some threat of invasion?"\
"Right on, Al'Ario.  We are under the impression that they will be coming 'en masse' in a little time\'c9"\
You shiver at the idea.\
\
"By the way, Malrow wants to see you.  So go to his office."\
\
For once, you notice a slight sign of fear on Malrow's face.  This alien threat must truly be real, and dangerous\'c9\
"Hello again, Al'Ario.  I suppose you have heard of this alien threat."\
"Tell me more about it," you ask.\
\
"You know that recently we found new systems around this one.  Well, we sent out a scout to have a look at what there was inside.  Then we sent a group of scientists on the planet we named UVP-018.  Little later, a new sensor was developed and we asked that scout to test it out, and then came a special sighting: an ship of some alien life form, floating in space.\
\
"Afterwards, the scout tried to approach the alien ship.  No problem yet.  We then sent a terraforming team on to UVP-018.  And we continued our normal plans: the Krane Trial and the Pirate Strike.  We have now found evidence of a gathering of these aliens near the system where UVP-018 is.  It may seem normal, but it became alarming yesterday when they completely destroyed five ships sent around there to investigate.  And it would seem that they are preparing to go to UVP-018, then over here.\
\
"We are at risk of invasion by a very dangerous species.  And very powerful.  So what I want you to do is go warn certain governments.  Char-Tow has already left for Auroran Space.  Haldora, I just sent to Altia in the Altair system.\
\
"Al'Ario, could you go to the Tre'illica system on Tre'ar Helonis and warn the Polaris there?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	987	"Defend Culuria;Arpia39"\
AvailBits: "(b937 | b898) & !(b899 | b990)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 300\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 18\
CombatRating: /				System: Initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
With a heavy heart, you go to the bar.  This isn't good at all.  A fleet of 50 ships that are already powerful and an enormous ship with a cloak.  That could mean certain doom.  It all depends on if they decide to attack as a whole or not.  There may yet be some hope\'c9\
\
You see \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} waiting in the bar, talking to Char-Tow and Argoal.  When you greet them, you see they are all a little gloomy as well.  This threat is real, and you can feel it.\
\
After twenty minutes, the bar is full.  All the Commanders are present, and most warriors are too.  You spot Fezzan, Abbyssa and Birgo among others.  Yet, no one is talking.  No one feels like it.  It's like the threat has taken away the power of speech.\
\
Malrow enters through a backdoor and stands on a table.\
\
"Commanders, warriors, friends, members of our beloved organisation of Arpia, I salute you.  During the last years we have changed the face of the universe, fighting a great number of problems our society had to endure.\
\
"We overcame the ever-growing problem of piracy by fighting it, and by taking out the Associated Guild of Free Traders.  We fought crime by bringing it before the Xyon International Court.  We eliminated the slave trade by operating in a great number of ways, and we took out drug barons to stop a big part of the trade of alienating substances.  There was also the struggle against the Bureau of Internal Investigation that ended with the Krane Trial.  And of course there was the bomb case\'c9  It helped us open our eyes.\
\
"All those times we have been threatened, and never more so than when we were up against the Bureau.  But we survived each time, through perseverance and trust in each other."\
\
He pauses for a few seconds.\
"And now, my friends, we are threatened like never before.  An army of fifty powerful ships is ready to arrive here.  And there is a main ship that is more powerful than any other, and we do not know what role it will play in their invasion plans.  It is a fleet that has never seen the like in the past centuries in our known universe.\
\
"I know you fear it, and you know I fear it too.  I will put it plainly: we are outclassed.  They are more powerful, more deadly and more prepared.  Tomorrow may become a day called 'Armageddon'.  A day of death, a day of pain.  A day of sorrow and of loss.\
\
"The outcome would have been almost certain, were it not for something that has recently happened, a miracle in itself.  Our scientists have given the plans of the new Kristala Reactor to manufacturers, and they are now being produced 'en masse'.  They have also found a way to implement NuGen beings into ships once a reactor is in place.\
\
"This means that we have new advantages: the Kristala Reactor gives very good navigation advantages and the NuGen Integration procedure will give you better resistance to everything: better shields and shield recharge rate, better armour and armour regeneration rate, \'c9"\
A murmur of approval starts to rise.\
\
"Because of the crisis situation, these implements are at a very low price, and manufacturers will be compensated by Arpia itself.  Now, we will be able to rival these poor bastards because what we lack in attack, we gain in defence.  We of Arpia are capable of beating them!"\
\
People start to cheer, and Malrow starts to shout his words of encouragement.\
"Tomorrow will no more be a day of despair and sadness!  Tomorrow, we shall go to battle, with more confidence that they could ever have expected.  Tomorrow is the day the aliens will regret ever attacking us.  Tomorrow is our day!"\
\
The cheers are now deafening.  The whole place is shaking with the noise that is made.  You and all the other Commanders go to Malrow and lift him on your shoulders and out of the bar to his office.\
\
Once inside, he becomes more serious.\
"Commanders, this will indeed be a battle to remember.  Now, what I want to say to you, before we do anything else, is that this is the moment when you can decide to go on and win this battle for Arpia or leave and maybe see Arpia destroyed.  I can assure you that I need every single one of you.  None more than another.  I just need all of you.  This is the time for you to decide."\
\
Everyone shifts in his or her standing position.  Decision time is always pretty disturbing\'c9\
\
"Al'Ario.  Are you with me or not?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1038	"Covert Ops on Hogun;Arpib40"\
AvailBits: "(b937 & b899) & !((b938 | b990) | b988)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 306\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: ReturnStel's system\
Cargo: 30 tons					Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Hogun (534)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
In the morning, you go to the bar and have breakfast in the restaurant section.  Everyone is edgy, waiting for the final strike\'c9\
\
At quarter to 9, you pack up and go to the head office.\
\
Spot on 9, all 7 remaining Commanders are present in the office of the 6th floor.\
Malrow shows his plan.\
"Right.  We've gathered as much Intel as possible," he starts, nodding towards Argoal, "and this is what we know."\
Argoal continues.\
"It would seem that the main battleship (or whatever it is), the one referred to as 'Hygns't', has gone to the Dnun Har system, and will be staying there for a while.  In the meantime, there is a new big fleet of the 'Uhngys' fighters that has assembled in the Higiron system.  We have also managed to find the planet the aliens live on: it is situated in the Hogun system.  Co-ordinates and map routes for all these systems will be fed into your ship computers very soon."\
\
Not a sound, everyone is listening avidly to the instructions.  Even though you know Malrow still fears the aliens, you know he is the man in charge here, and he shows confidence and leadership.\
"Now, I'm going to separate you into different groups.  Unfortunately, I can't send more than one Commander to the main ship because of the sheer size of the fleet.  And we will only be able to send one team on their planet.  So here are my suggestions.\
\
"Argoal and Al'Ario, you will assemble a team of your best operators, as many as can fit in one ship, and you will go to the planet.  I want explosives in enormous quantity and enough firepower to take on an army.  Get Vriller, Fezzan and Abbyssa on the crew too."\
\
"Is that okay with you?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 HERE: storyline pause (40 days or so)
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	992	"Code-name: Frandall;Arpia41a"\
AvailBits: "b901 & !((b902 | b990) | b964)"\
AvailLoc: 
\f2\i \ul non
\f3\i0 \ulnone  Arpia G\'9avt (196) - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Culuria (518)			ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You settle in the bar, take a strong drink.  These last 6 weeks have been incredibly calm compared to what you dealt with while working for Arpia.  All the rest of the crew has gone off to watch a movie at the local cinema.  You spot a familiar face at the counter, ordering a Faint Blue Chicard.\
\
"Commander Haldora!"\
"Al'Ario?  What are you doing here?"\
"Just travelling, missing the Arpian action\'c9"\
"Rest assured you're not the only one\'c9  But recently I've started getting the impression we'll be back in action soon.  I was in fact planning on heading back to Culuria, but my reactor seems to have died, at least, for now.\
\
"Do you think you can -"\
But \{G "she" "he"\} is interrupted by an alert signal on both of your intercoms.  You both pick up and listen to the same message.\
\
"Hello my dear friends.  I'm in desperate need of your help.  Sorry if I'm interrupting anything, but this is an emergency.  Do I have your attention?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	994	"Defend Rebel II;Arpia42"\
AvailBits: "b903 & !(b904 | b990)"\
AvailLoc: Rebel II (434) - Bar		Special d\'9fde ID: 197\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 10\
CombatRating: /				System: Initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: Chase or Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Tre'ar Illini (230)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Three hours and a half have passed, and still no sign of any of the Rebel leaders.  \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} starts to stir.\
\
"Something isn't right.  They shouldn't be this delayed," \{G "she" "he"\} points out.  "I don't like it."\
You try to sense what is happening.  You turn to \{G "Trisha" "Pete"\}.\
"You have telepathic powers, no?  Can't you try to figure out what is going on?"\
\
"There is a big fleet of Feds and Bureau RAGE Gunboats coming this way.  The Rebels are preparing their transport ships as well as five defence ships."  Haldora then pauses an instant.  "They want us to help defend Rebel II.  Shall we go meet the Feds?", Haldora asks, and you give your answer very soon.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1040	"Find Transports;Arpib43"\
AvailBits: "(b904 & b938) & !b939"\
AvailLoc: Tre'ar Illini (230) - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 285\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: NGC-0500 (201)\
Cargo: 1 ton					Goal: Rescue\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
General Smart arrives late in the bar and has a very worried look to his face.\
"What is it, General?"\
"I suppose you heard there is a problem with two transports."\
"Yes, Mu'Randa told us," says Haldora.\
\
"Well we have recently heard reports that some Moash have been roaming around Dani space, so there is always a possibility they took hold of the transport.  We wouldn't want that.  So I have jobs for both of you.\
\
"All right, Commanders.  Haldora, can you go to Rimerta and to Heraan to rally as big an army as possible?  They will have to destroy the Moash army."\
\{G "Trisha" "Pete"\} answers by the affirmative.\
"Good.  Here is a data-cube with the offensive plan we have put together so far.  Once you have done that, come back here.\
\
"Commander Al'Ario, I want you to find the transports.  I would recommend starting by the NGC-0500 system, finding out what happened to that transport.  After that, go to Dani, look around, and find out what you can.  If the Moash have indeed taken the transport, find it, free the men and you are fully authorised to kill any Moash who might pose a threat."\
\
You nod, and add a little "yes, sir!" just to play the role\'c9\
"Good luck, Commanders."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1041	"Find Transports;Arpib43b"\
AvailBits: "b939 & !b940"\
AvailLoc: Dani (325) - Bar			Special d\'9fde ID: 161\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 5\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: 15 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Moash (380)			ReturnStel: Tre'ar Illini (230)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Zack goes with you into the bar.\
You order a couple of Hilka beers, then settle down, and fake a conversation while listening to what is going on around you.\
\
"Did you hear, Derikroen?", goes a Dani warrior talking to another.  "The Moash did a raid last night around the capital because there was some ship from Fed space that took a wrong turn taking the hypergate.  I gather they took it to their capital because they want to question the poor bastards who were inside\'c9  I pity them, man."\
\
You both leave the bar once your drinks are finished.\
"I suppose we should go there then.  Shall we?" asks Zack with a smile.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1042	"Prepare Covert Ops Team;Arpib44"\
AvailBits: "b940 & !b941"\
AvailLoc: New Ireland (139) - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: 305\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: Follow player\
Cargo: 30 tons					Goal: Escort\
TravelStel: GLi-Tech-nia (216)		ReturnStel: Rauther (191)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Greetings.  Welcome on New Ireland," speaks a female voice through the intercom, with an accent you recognise from your youth.  This is the planet populated almost exclusively by a people called the Irish.\
"Please identify your ship and purpose of visit."\
"This is Commander Al'Ario of the <PSN>.  I come from Arpia to speak with Eamon Flannigan."\
"Yes, he has asked that you land in hangar Ringor II.  I shall inform Mr. Flannigan of your arrival."\
\
"Al'Ario.  Pleased to meet you.  I'm Eamon.  Your friend Haldora was just telling me about what you've done in the past few months.  And I have to say I'm impressed.\
"Follow me, we'll go over the plan once more for you."\
\
After walking for ten minutes, you are shown into a conference room.  Haldora greets you inside.\
"Isn't Argoal taking part in this?," you ask.\
"No.  \{G "She" "He"\} will be orchestrating the attack on the Moash.  \{G "She" "He"\} would have wanted to do this, but decided that this time you had to work a bit with me," answers Haldora with a slight smile.\
"Since you worked with Char-Tow and Argoal on the Pirate Strike operation, then went on Hogun with Argoal," \{G "she" "he"\} adds.\
\
Haldora then moves over to a table, onto which different maps are projected.\
You follow, and take a look.\
"This here is a map of New England's spaceport.  The building in green here," \{G "she" "he"\} says, pointing towards the middle of the largest building block, "is the Bureau HQ, where you captured Krane.  But that is only one of many buildings that are registered in the name of the Bureau.\
\
"Indeed, all those marked in blue seem to be property of the Bureau, according to what Jay Greyburn fed through to Argoal.\
\
"And here are maps of different cities on Earth: Pretoria, Madrid, Smolensk, Detroit, Canberra.  Notice the blue buildings.  The Bureau also has a few facilities on New Babylon, Goliath, Port Kane, GLi-Tech-nia and Spacedock III, but New England and Earth are the main ones.\
\
"So the plan is to attack all of these buildings at the same time.  The main objective is to destroy the buildings and arrest as many Bureau employees as possible.  A computer whiz from Al'Ario's crew has already hacked into the Bureau systems a few weeks ago."\
\
You frown out of doubt and turn to Haldora.\
"Nunder'wan?"\
"Yes, he did it while we were on Rebel II, in conjunction with the Rebel hackers.  They had been stopped in their hacking by some new firewall they couldn't bypass, let alone break.  After two hours, your Nunder'wan gave the Rebels the greatest present he could ever have found\'c9  It was just before the incoming fleet was detected.\
\
"Anyway," \{G "she" "he"\} states, turning to the Wild Geese leader, "can you explain the rest to Al'Ario?"\
"Sure, \{G "ma'am" "mate"\}," Flannigan answers back.  "See, Al'Ario, the GLi-Tech-nia weapon manufacturers are just about to send a 30 ton shipment of weapon parts to New England.  This shipment is meant to help a mass-production of what you guys call 'Frandall's Laser'.  So we can't let that arrive.\
\
"But what's positive is that the Rauther Power Industries corporation has joined our cause, and reckons the weapon parts could be quickly transformed into explosive devices.\
\
"This means we could get the shipment to New England, then have it explode once it is inside the Bureau's hands, hopefully inside the armament storage depot and inside the weapon engineering department.  If it is sent to these places, the explosion would annihilate their defence systems, destroy all their spare weapons, and distract them for a very long time.\
\
"And we would thus be able to take out what's left without too many problems.  The teams on the other planets would take action around the same time.\
\
"Think you can handle it?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 END OF SHADOW WARRIOR STORYLINE
\f3\b0 \
\
-----------------------------------------------------------\
\

\f0\b REGULAR MEMBER STORYLINE
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1044	"Exploration;Arpic15"\
AvailBits: "b942 & !b2050"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Korell (407)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Land on any planets in systems nearest to Residio according to the map, then return to Culuria.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1045	"Launch Space Probe;Arpic16"\
AvailBits: "b2050 & !b2051"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 5 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Korell (407)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Launch the space probe from the Uriall system, then return to Culuria.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1046	"Launch Space Probe;Arpic17a"\
AvailBits: "b2051 & !b943"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: 306\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: Uriall (420)\
Cargo: 5 tons					Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Thank you for a successful job, captain Al'Ario," says a woman, Hexporyen judging by her appearance.\
"I am Commander Ungli, in fact a cousin of your second-in-command\'c9\
\
"Hello Zack, how are you today?," she says, waving towards Zack.\
"Fine, Ungli.  Getting used to my new captain, who insists on using first names," he answers with a smile.\
"Very well.  Tell me if you need anything at any time, Zack\'c9"\
Turning to you, "He's just the person for the job.  You're lucky Ekrid Malrow assigned him to your ship\'c9"\
\
The Commander gives an order through her intercom, then takes a more serious look.\
"Al'Ario, we have already started receiving signals from the probe you launched, and it seems to be working perfectly so far.  Let's hope it continues that way, and after you have done a few missions, the probe should have arrived\'c9\
\
"Now what we want you to do next is going to be a little trickier.  We need to launch another space probe from the Uriall system, which unfortunately doesn't have any stellars inside it.  Using planets as a launching area makes the operation far easier, since all you need to do is program its course, put it outside and activate it.\
\
"Launching a probe in space requires positioning the probe at least a hundred metres from your ship and in direction of Residio, checking that it is fully functional in space, and then activating it, by remote control once more.  Make sure the people checking it in space are back in the ship before activating the probe, or they could get attracted towards the probe because of its small gravitational field and be killed by the propulsion system\'c9\
\
"Have you fully understood these imperative criteria?"\
"Yes, Commander Ungli."\
"Good.  The space probe will arrive shortly.\
\
"A primary school class will also come, since they have had the privilege of decorating it."\
You stare at her.\
"Children decorated a space probe?"\
"Yes, and they are coming to see it off.  Rest assured: they will stay here on Culuria, not leave with you.  It could be dangerous, so we have decided against letting them go on a small school trip."\
\
A school bus glides inside the hangar and comes to a halt five metres away from your ship.\
"Joseph, stay in line," comes a male voice from inside the transport.  "You too, Ruth.  Come along, children.  Exit the vehicle in an orderly fashion."\
\
Soon you have twenty seven year old kids in front of you, looking in all directions from your ship to the hangar, from Commander Ungli to you, and there are two teachers accompanying them: a man and a woman.\
"Say hello to Commander Ungli, children," says the woman.\
They all chant those words together in chorus.\
\
"Hello there children.  This is captain Al'Ario.  \{G "He" "She"\} will be taking your probe into space, taking a very long detour to a place that is in reality not very far away, so that we can find the shortest space road between here and there.  Why don't you say hello to \{G "him" "her"\}?"\
"Hello captain Al'Ario."\
"Hello," you answer, not knowing what else there is to say.\
\
"Captain Al'Ario," says the man in front of you, "the children may have a few questions, if you don't mind\'c9"\
"No, I don't.  What do you want to ask me, kids?"\
A dozen arms shoot up in the air.\
\
"Yes?," you motion to a little fair-haired boy who is fidgeting so much you feel his parents feed him only with Korthey\'c9\
"Why can't we come with you?"\
All children put their arms down and stare at you with demanding looks.\
You breathe out, think a little and then answer.\
"The detour I am taking is very long, as I have to pass through lots and lots of different places.  This means it will take lots of time during which you could be doing other activities.  And the places I will enter can be very risky, sometimes full with nasty pirates, and that could be very scary and dangerous.\
\
"Since I cannot take you away from school so long, and since I cannot risk endangering you, you have to stay."\
All the children lower their eyes to the ground and let out a moaning "oh" of disappointment.\
Quickly, you have to find something\'c9\
"But I'm sure I can take you on a space flight later on," you say hurriedly.\
The kids all react positively, cheering.  The three other adults around first look at you in shock, but this soon becomes a happy surprise, and they smile at you.\
"Very nice idea, Al'Ario.  Of course, the school would have to agree," says Commander Ungli.\
\
After a further thirty minutes of speaking with the children, telling them a few of your recent jobs, getting to know them all, the space probe arrives, is unloaded from the transport that brought it and is taken out of its crate for the children to see it one last time before it starts its voyage.\
\
You stare at the machine, eyes wide in astonishment.  The whole outer shell of the probe is covered in beautiful children's paintings.  Some depict scenes of the probe in space, approaching Culuria most of the time.  Others show people watching the sky.  Under a bunch of smaller people, "Our Class" is written in large letters of different shades of blue.  Someone has even drawn a bunch of animals.  A bogosaur, a cunjo, a monkdillo and a horse, of many colours.  And a few things you really don't recognise\'c9\
\
"This is beautiful," you say with a broad smile.  "Did you all paint this together?"\
They all reply with a "yes", except for one smaller dark-haired girl who looks at the floor, standing a few metres away from the probe.\
\
"What's your name?," you ask, bending down towards her.\
"Wadina," she replies shyly.\
"Didn't you paint anything?"\
She doesn't reply.\
"Wadina has a phobia of paintbrushes," whispers the female teacher from behind you.  "It's a long story."\
"And you had better get going, Al'Ario," says Commander Ungli.  "You will see them once you get back, don't worry."\
\
You enter your ship, and wave to the children, who wave back, cheering.  You smile at them, and your eyes then find Wadina's.  She looks at you with a demanding look.  There's something about that girl, and you'll try to know once you get back\'c9\
\
In the meantime, you need to concentrate on Uriall.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1048	"Xyon International Court;Arpic18"\
AvailBits: "b943 & !(b944 | b973)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Xyon (144)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You enter the bar and head over to the restaurant section for breakfast.  No sign of Maria Barkle.  She will probably arrive soon.\
"Hello Al'Ario," says the waiter.\
"Hi Bard.  How are you?"\
"Fine thanks, you?"\
"Same here."\
"So, what have you been up to lately?  Any other pirate raids?"\
"Well, recently I've been launching space probes from the systems of Korell and Uriall in Krypt space."\
"You were the one who did that?  Nice.  The scientific community is really excited about that.\
\
"But other very important things have also happened recently, like Ekrid Malrow meeting the Polaris, a first in our history, and the first time a non-Polaris was accepted over there in centuries.  A technology deal, something like it, and the beginning of what could become a close friendship.\
\
"Then there's Commander Argoal, did you meet \{G "her" "him"\}?  Because \{G "she" "he"\} and the Arpia Cleaning Team, our sort of police, have only just picked up the signs of very illegal activity in Auroran space: a slave trade\'c9  It's breaking news, fresh from yesterday evening\'c9"\
"Commander Aster told me Commander Argoal would have something for me, maybe it's related to that\'c9"\
"Yep, maybe it is.  Who knows?"\
\
Miss Barkle then arrives, and you have breakfast as you hear about Wadina.\
"She is in fact the daughter of a man called Ernie Bardrien, who was the co-founder of Arpia and Ekrid Malrow's best friend.  After Arpia had settled here, he fell in love with a scientist.  This woman was quite a bit younger than him, but it looks like it was love at first sight, the 'coup de foudre'.  They had a big wedding after a year.\
\
"Wadina was born seven years ago, and Ekrid Malrow became her godfather.  It was a very happy family.  The mother worked part-time as a scientist, and the father spent half his time at work, advising Mr. Malrow.  The other half he spent at home with his wife and daughter, and he painted there.  I think that the 6th floor office of the Arpia HQ, Malrow's office, has a few of his masterpieces.\
\
"At that time, he also taught Wadina how to paint.  And she showed signs of great talent quite early.\
\
"Now when Wadina turned five, Ernie Bardrien was working at home on a portrait of his daughter.  It was his birthday present to her.  But coming back from another room he slipped on a brush, and fell down on his jar of brushes.  They went straight through the heart.  And Wadina saw it happen."\
\
Maria takes a sip of Korthey and closes her eyes for a moment.  You stare at your plate.  Poor Wadina\'c9\
\
"That's where the phobia comes from.  But other events made it worse.  Her mother was Kristala."\
"The scientist who created the NuGen?"\
"Yes.  I suppose you know what happened to her\'c9"\
Oh yes, I do, you think to yourself.\
\
You swallow hard.\
"What has happened to her since then?"\
"Ekrid Malrow has tried to see her whenever he had the time, and the same has happened with his companion, Commander Aster, but I'm afraid it's not nearly enough.  Wadina is without a parent, without a guardian.  We've tried to find someone for her, but she has not yet accepted anyone.  So we're just trying to get her integrated in the best way possible\'c9"\
\
"You said 'his companion'?  Commander Aster?"\
"Yes.  Didn't you know?  They have been together for many years now\'c9  Well, since you are relatively new, it's understandable\'c9"\
\
"Al'Ario!," calls a \{G "woman" "man"\}'s voice from behind you.\
"Hello Commander Argoal," you answer after seeing who it is.\
"I have a job for you.  I hope I'm not interrupting anything\'c9  Hello, miss Barkle."\
"Good morning, Commander.  It's all right, I had finished telling this story."\
\
Maria turns to you.\
"I will have a talk with the headmistress to see if anything can be arranged, a school trip of some kind.  The kids have been begging for you to take them into space, you know\'c9  There is something about you that they have seen and that gives them such a buzz\'c9\
\
"I hope to see you some time around.  Good-bye, Al'Ario," she says, and you shake hands.\
\
Once Maria has left, Commander Argoal sits down in front of you.\
"Al'Ario, we are in need of a courier.  The ACT, Arpia Cleaning Team, is the closest Arpia has to a police organisation.  But it also monitors what happens around the galaxy, with the help of Commander Holdor for the Federation monitoring, of Commander Kur-Tchek for Auroran space.\
\
"We have recently stumbled upon the existence of a slave trade that takes place in the Auroran Empire.  An agent we sent over there managed to get a recording of a slave market.  And we want you to bring a copy to the Xyon International Court.\
\
"Do you know about it?"\
"Yes.  Isn't it an institution created somewhere around 1130 NC?"\
"Spot on.  It was created as a follow-up to an interstellar conference of 1128.  Only problem was that it never was given enough resources to have enough authority throughout the galaxy.  Many leaders just made it look like an ornament, a passive institution.\
\
"About twenty years ago, the permanent judges were replaced, and Ekrid Malrow happens to be a good friend of one of them: Lady Armili Nundoor.  With her, the authority of the XIC has grown, but they still need a police force and a big trial to be recognised for what they are by everyone.  Who knows, maybe they will like to hear about the ACT\'c9"\
\
\{G "She" "He"\} then gives you a data-cube and a holo-cube.\
"The data-cube contains information concerning ACT and all we have managed to gather about the slave trade.  The holo-cube contains the recording and the message.  Ekrid Malrow's message will be played automatically once Lady Nundoor receives it.\
"Guard them well.  No one should know about this mission, but if anything should happen, blast away anyone who opposes you.\
\
"Once on Xyon, wait for their answer.  They might give you a mission themselves, but once you have done whatever they ask, come back here.\
\
"Good luck, Al'Ario."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1050	"Polaris Cargo Pick-up;Arpic20"\
AvailBits: "b944 & !b945"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Shipyard	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 30 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Kel'ar Iy (254)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"It's captain Al'Ario!," shouts a child as soon as you enter the shipyard.\
Before you know it, the boy called Io and the girl named Daniella are running towards you.\
"Now there, children, calm down," orders Reynold Yungfor who appears out of nowhere.\
\
"Good morning, captain.  I trust you are ready for this trip?," says the teacher, approaching you.\
"The trip?," you ask, dubious.\
"Yes, you are taking us to Kel'ar Iy in Polaris space, no?"\
You stare back at him.\
"I have not yet had the chance to brief \{G "him" "her"\}, I'm afraid," comes Commander Aster's voice from behind a giant cargo container.\
\
"Commander, am I to understand I am on a mission in Polaris space transporting the kids?"\
The beautiful woman in front of you nods.\
\
"You see, Al'Ario, the scientific community has passed a request to Polaran outfitters for a whole shipment of weapon parts and technology.  We are indeed going to start making some Polaris technology available to the public in our outfitters and shipyards.  Many outfits and ships are already being assembled here, but there are some things we would prefer to import directly.\
\
"You will be going to collect 30 tons of cargo at their capital planet, Kel'ar Iy, in the Kel'ariy system.  And you will be taking this primary class with you.  Are you with me so far?"\
"Yes, I think so\'c9"\
\
"Once you land, a Polaris delegation will meet you, and the children will meet Polaran kids about their age.  The Polarans will take them on a tour around the capital, more educational than official.  And you are welcome to wander around with them.  Since I think I'm right in saying you have never gone there on a mission, it could be interesting and educational for you too\'c9"\
\
She then leans over towards you, and lowers her voice.\
"Between you and me, Ekrid Malrow and myself would very much like you to accompany them on the tour: Ekrid says they are very trustworthy, and with great honour, but he says that nobody is perfect, and there may be some Polarans who are not that honest.\
\
"We don't want any kids leaving the group either, and there are but two teachers, and they can't have their eyes on all the kids at the same time.  So if you decide not to go, please make sure someone follows them.  We don't want any bad surprises.\
\
"Ekrid Malrow would like you to look after Wadina mostly.  I do not know if you are aware of it, but she is the daughter of Kristala and Ernie Bardrien, who have now passed over, and Ekrid is her godfather.  So take care of her."\
\
"Understood, captain?"\
"Yes, Commander."\
"Very well.  I shall now leave you to organise the trip.  Bon voyage, capitaine Al'Ario\'c9"\
"Merci beaucoup," you reply, using the few words of the French language you still remember.\
"Bonne chance, et au revoir\'c9"\
\
After Aster has left, you go find miss Barkle.\
"Hello there, Maria."\
"Hello, Al'Ario.  It's so kind of you to do this: the kids are jubilant."\
"So I see\'c9"\
"Should I get the children to board your ship?"\
"Yes\'c9  Let's gather up the troops."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1052	"Pirate Raid III;Arpic21"\
AvailBits: "b945 & !b946"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: 234\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 12\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: 20 tons					Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: Chronos (186)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Hello, young \{G "man" "lady"\}," growls a deep voice from a table just beside the bar entrance.\
"You are Al'Ario, at least, you fit Ekrid's description of you\'c9  I am Berne, Commander since the early days.  I am the leader of the Hexporyen people.  In fact, I gather you have one employed, is it not so?"\
"Yes, sir.   Zack is my second-in-command."\
"Very nice.  He is a good lad.  I do happen to know each Hexporyen personally, seeing our small numbers."\
\
He looks at the empty seat facing him, and motions for you to sit down.\
"I am the one in charge of keeping the Regulars active, and that is why I am here.  Active in the sense of repelling piracy.  And, to my knowledge, it has been a small while since your last pirate raid.  Do tell me if I am mistaken."\
"No, not at all."\
"Very well."\
\
He shifts in his seat.\
"I will also give you a questionnaire about your current situation.  Indeed, Arpia is above all a company.  And companies like to know what their employees think about their respective jobs and lives.  So I become a profession counsellor once in a while."\
\
Pulling out a bunch of papers, he continues.\
"Think about each question carefully, and answer by vocal into this recording device.  I would be very grateful if you could do this before landing back on Culuria after the mission I will give you."\
\
You take all the documents and slip them into your back pocket.\
\
"Now, the mission.  We have had heard of a dozen raiders headed towards their tiny lair in the Horizon system, and if we leave now, we'll arrive around the same time as they will.  But we cannot afford to waste time on the way.\
\
"The Pirates will try to protect their lair, which is reported to be on the Chronos moon.  Use your radar systems to find the lair, and take whatever stolen goods you find there.\
\
"Understood, Al'Ario?"\
"Yes, Commander."\
"Good.  Then get ready: we're leaving right away."\
\
You round up your crew, and within the hour your ship leaves Culuria soil.\
"Zack, we're going to the Horizon system.  Coordinates?"\
"I'm plotting the course right now."\
"Good.  We're back in for some action\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1054	"Bring tech to Rebels;Arpic22"\
AvailBits: "b946 & !b947"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Outfitter	Special d\'9fde ID: 170\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 2\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: 30 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Rebel I (419)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Al'Ario!", shouts a young voice as you enter the outfitter.\
You turn to see Wadina waving at you, with Sarah and Charlotte-Ann behind her.  You wave back, and the girls rush over to you.\
\
"Hello, girls.  What are you doing here?"\
"We don't have school today, and are going over to Mistiva's house," answers an enthusiastic Wadina.  "And you?"\
"I'm just about to receive another assignment.  Do you know Commander Jygin?"\
Charlotte-Ann nods.\
"I know him.  He's a giant!"\
"He's huge," says Sarah.  "And very round."\
"My mum says he ate too much when he was a kid," says Charlotte-Ann.\
\
"When will you take us on another trip, Al'Ario?  I love flying, and I love your ship," says Wadina.\
"I don't know, it all depends on what Ekrid Malrow arranges with your school."\
\
As soon as you mention your superior's name, Wadina's look drops to her feet.\
"Why the sulky face, Wadina?  Don't you like your godfather?"\
"I do, I guess, but not as much as I like you or our teachers\'c9  He is always busy."\
"Well, he is the big boss of Arpia\'c9"\
"He doesn't come to see me often, and usually stays for only ten minutes.  He never takes me in space, and always has someone very important he has to speak to\'c9," she finishes, uttering the word "important" with irony and contempt.\
\
You feel an urge to take her into your arms and hug her, then wonder what on earth is happening to you.\
While you are in mental conflict, Sarah says that Mistiva will be waiting, and they leave, hoping to see you again.\
\
I'm getting attached to her, you think.  There is something in that girl that captivates you, that grabs hold of your heart and emotions, and it's getting more and more apparent every time you see her.  It's a form of growing love you have never experienced before.  Parental love?  Is that it, are you developing a parent posture towards her?\
\
Wadina, on the other hand, has always wanted a parent since her father died, and the recent death of her mother has only made that wish stronger.  Her godfather is the most important man on the planet, and is terribly busy.  On top of his job, he seems to be in a long-time relationship with Commander Aster, so this leaves little time for poor young Wadina.  She probably thinks she has finally found someone she can identify with, all during that trip to Kel'ar Iy, and she is trying to get to know you more.\
\
You check your watch, and realise you have a man to meet.  Time to get moving.\
\
"Commander Jygin?," you ask the tall, large figure facing away from you and giving out cargo docking orders.\
"Yes?  What is it?," growls the red puffed face that has turned towards you.\
"Commander, I am Al'Ario.  Commander Berne told me to come here, saying you would have instructions for me."\
"Ah, yes, I remember.  Come with me, and I shall tell you what to do."\
\
The bulky figure moves forward, giving a few orders to some traders at the same time.  You follow the two and a half metre "giant" over to a cargo depot.\
"Tontiban," shouts Jygin, "get order 5K3T out in the clear, will you?  Hangar number is on the form.  The pilot has arrived."\
"Right ho, Jygin."\
\
Jygin turns to you.\
"Al'Ario, right?  You have been assigned to a cargo freight job.  We've started sharing our tech with the Rebellion a while ago, and it's very popular over there.  Stocks are running out.\
\
"You are to take 30 tons of cargo to the Rebel headquarters on the Rebel I planet, it's in the Evlei system.  Tontiban, my right-hand, will have the cargo brought to your hangar.  You will be paid 50 bob for your services.\
\
"Any questions?  Good," he continues, without giving you time to respond.  "I've got other orders to take care of.  Good luck, and good-bye."\
\
Your crew rounded up, you load the cargo.  Stingray laser parts, railguns of the 400-millimetre turret, cloak generators and a little more.  Thirty tons of good quality equipment.  Let's hope it arrives on Rebel I intact\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1057	"Test-drive hyperspace routes;Arpic24"\
AvailBits: "b948 & !(b949 | b950)"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 306\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: Korell (414)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Al'Ario!  Just the \{G "man" "woman"\} I was waiting for," says a cheerful voice a few seconds after you have entered the bar.\
\
You turn to see Commander Ungli, sitting back, relaxed, in a comfy chair underneath a window, bathing in sunlight.\
"Good morning, Commander."\
"Same to you, captain.  I'd like to know if the little party went well yesterday."\
"Well, I was only there near the end\'c9  How did you know?"\
"Don't forget your second-in-command is family, and members of a family should see each other."\
\
She sits up, and studies your face for a while.\
"Anyway, I have a job for you.  And it concerns the probes.  Interested in helping?"\
"Sure.  What do you want me to do?"\
"I want you to test the routes taken by the probes.  Using hyperspace jumps.  We don't know if it will be dangerous for a normal ship, though we suspect you will have a safe ride, judging by the data the probes came back with.\
\
"Test the Residio - Korell route via the Engil system, and do the same for the Residio - Uriall route, travelling by the Heiloos system.  If you arrive safely in one of those Krypt-space systems, stop your engines inside, and wait for a bit so that your logs can register the necessary data.  Afterwards, join the next target system by passing inside the nearby Onlott system linking Korell and Uriall, and follow the same routine inside that system."\
"How many times should I test them?  Should I do it both ways, or just the one?"\
"Just the one will be fine.  I await your arrival back here at the latest on <DL>.  If you haven't come back by then, I will send a search party, but they will not be using those routes, so it will take some time for them to arrive to the other side\'c9"\
\
She then takes a sheet of paper in hand and produces it to you.\
"Here are the results of the questionnaire Berne gave you.  It would seem he feels you fit in perfectly with Arpia, and doesn't think there are any formation courses you should follow.  Basically, you passed the 'maintenance test' without a glitch.  Congratulations\'c9"\
\
You leave the bar and round up the crew, starting with Zack, whom you literally have to drag out of his bed.\
"What in the universe have you been up to last night?"\
"I was partying last night with Ungli, Ying, Charlotte and a whole lot more.  Al'Ario, you have never seen Commander Jygin dance, \{G "man" "girl"\}.  That giant is a heck of a dancer.  Never seen anything like it.  I'm still stunned."\
"I can see as much\'c9  Come on, get your wits back, and let's hope the others will be in a better shape than you\'c9"\
\
"So, what are we supposed to be doing in fact?," asks the Hexporyen as you walk towards your ship.\
"We're back on the exploration job.  Time to investigate new routes\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1059	"School Trip;Arpic25a"\
AvailBits: "(b949 & b950) & !b951"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Aurora (338)			ReturnStel: Earth (128)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
As soon as you land, a young scientist comes into your ship and copies your flight logs.\
Outside, Ungli is waiting for you with Aster.\
"Commanders," you say with a nod.\
"Al'Ario," says Ungli, "thank you very much.  We are very glad to see those systems are navigable.  You have been paid sixty thousand credits for your services.\
\
"In the name of all the traders who will be using those routes, thank you.  In the name of the scientific community of explorers, you have opened the door to a whole new wave of exploration: we will now try to expand our knowledge of the star systems surrounding us.  This discovery and successful probe voyage has indeed given us hope."\
\
Aster then comes forward.\
"Al'Ario, Ekrid has finally managed to finish organising the school trip.  And it's your next job."\
You smile.\
"Thank you, Commander."\
"I knew you would appreciate it.  Maria and Reynold will be bringing the children soon enough."\
\
"Where will I be taking them?"\
"You are to bring them to the capital of the Auroran Empire, and then to the birthplace of mankind, Earth."\
"Aurora?," you ask with a shadow of worry creeping up inside your mind.  "Are you serious?"\
"Yes, I am.  Don't worry about Am'Rosso: he will not be there.  We would not have sent you with him around.  After all, you might have ended up punching him again," she finishes with a smile.\
\
Feeling a little relieved, you return the smile.\
"And who then will be greeting us?"\
"None other than Jeorgen 'the Painted', Thurokiir of the Vella House, and Techerakh 'the Bloody Hammer', Thurokiir of the Heraan House.  I trust you met the first of the two men, is it not so?"\
"Yes, indeed, he gave me some friendly advice last time I visited Aurora, after the incident."\
\
"The Heraan House is the one we respect the most.  They are those who prone the best values in general.  They are the opposite of the despicable Moash, and we hope the Heraan will soon replace them as First Family.\
\
"Techerakh himself is a great warrior, one of the best, and he is a man of integrity.  He is one of the few Aurorans to be aware of Arpia, and Commander Char-Tow will soon be heading over to Heraan to start a partnership and friendship between the Heraan House and Arpia, so be full of respect towards him.\
\
"In front of the Vella Thurokiir, the children are from the Andorra Research for Paediatric Injuries Association foundation.  You will say the same when on Earth.\
\
"Now, Andorra is a region that exists on Earth, and we have a few people in that region who have started a real association of the same name, and we use it as a cover.  If anyone questions you about Arpia, give them this contact," says Aster as she gives you an address card.\
\
"Nicolas Fleiroop d'Ariannis\
Andorra Research for Paediatric Injuries Association\
82146-FKG Andorra, Europe\
Earth, Sol\
Interlink: +1AZ-1800.200.200.ARPIA," reads the card.\
\
"Nicolas knows all about the school trip, and if the Federation officials phone up, or anyone else for that matter, he will vouch for you."\
"Who will the main Federation officials be?"\
"We gather there will be the Minister of Education of the Federation, and a highly placed Bureau of Internal Investigation official.  Beware of that one: the Bureau is not to be trusted in any way."\
\
The school bus arrives in the hangar, and out comes Maria.\
"Hello, Al'Ario.  Commanders," she says with a nod.\
"Hello, Maria," says Ungli.  "Is everyone ready?"\
"Yes, the kids are all there and ready.  And, Al'Ario, someone is more than impatient to see you\'c9"\
\
Once the main doors of the school bus open, the kids rush out and start racing to get to the ship first.\
Pommelin, one of the handicapped kids, even uses his hoverchair to get in front of the fastest runners, Rick and Laurence.  But in the end, those three are beaten to it by the girl called Brindille, who uses incredibly fast cartwheels to get there first\'c9  Now that's something you've never seen before.  Looks like someone is going to be a professional gymnast pretty soon\'c9\
\
"I missed you," says Wadina as you lead her inside the ship.\
"I missed you too, Wadina."\
"Hello there princess," says Zack with a bright smile on his face.\
"Hi Zack."\
"So, has Al'Ario been nice to you recently?"\
"Yes.  Very, very nice.  \{G "He" "She"\} is the nicest person I know," she replies with a sense of pride, and you smile.\
\
After ten minutes, everything is ready.\
"Do you want to give the order to lift off, Wadina?"\
Her eyes widen in pleasant surprise.\
"I'd love to!  Can I?"\
"Go on," says Bee'Misa.  "Waiting for your instructions, captain Wadina."\
"On your order, miss Wadina," says Ying.\
The young girl looks at you, and you nod.\
"Lift off!," she says aloud with joy.\
"You heard her, Zack.  Off to Aurora we go."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1061	"Auroran Cargo Delivery;Arpic26"\
AvailBits: "b951 & !b952"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: 130\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 6\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: 30 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Dominance (353)		ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Within seconds of touching Culurian soil, the children are ready to come back to their parents and waiting for the hatch to open.  They all exit after shouting a big "thank you".\
\
The two teachers come up to you.\
"Well, Al'Ario, this was very enjoyable.  The way you spend time with the kids is really nice, and I think they liked the trip a lot.  I certainly did," says Maria.\
"Yes, Al'Ario, you did a great job out there," continues Reynold.  "Why don't you consider becoming a teacher?  The kids love you, and hang to your every word."\
"Sorry my friends.  I'll probably consider settling down in a year or two, but right now I'm still a flying bird."\
\
Wadina then comes over, and the teachers leave.  You take her onto your lap, and just stare at her for a few seconds.\
"I have decided, Wadina.  I thought about it during the whole trip, and I know that if you want me to, I will do everything I can to become your god\{G "father" "mother"\}."\
"You will?  Really?," she asks with the widest smile you have ever seen.  Her eyes shine with delight.\
"Let's go find Ekrid, shall we?"\
"I love you, Al'Ario!"\
And she throws her arms around your neck and clings to you, her head on your chest, for the next minute or so.\
\
Inside the corridor of the Arpia HQ, you ask a \{G "beautiful and sexy young secretary" "pleasant looking secretary"\} where "Mr Malrow's office lies".  \{G "A fat old tart steps into the corridor and answers before the secretary can open her lips." "She answers in a polite and friendly voice."\}\
"Take the lift to the 6th floor, you'll notice the office easily enough."\
\
When you both enter his office, your superior is working on some papers.\
You take a look around.\
\
It is a tall, octagonal room, with a large window covering three of the walls, with a multicoloured mosaic paving on the whole length of the floor.  The other walls either display paintings and pictures of different parts of Culuria or support shelves full of folders and books.\
\
Curious layout for a Head Office: the desk is against the central part of the window, facing towards the outside.  The middle of the office has five leather chairs around an oval glass table with a large Arpia logo on it.\
\
Malrow doesn't seem to work that much with computers or other electronic devices except for a modified version of the standard file organiser and a desktop type of computer without any external connections or controller device.  No keyboard or microphone.  He must use something hidden to use it.  You wonder at the security\'c9\
\
You are interrupted in your thoughts as you hear Ekrid Malrow shift around in his chair.  You turn towards his back, he turns around on his levitating chair and looks up.\
\
"Hello Wadina, hello Al'Ario.  How are you, young lady?"\
"I'm great, uncle Ekrid," answers Wadina with a big smile.  "Al'Ario wants to become my god\{G "father" "mother"\}!"\
Malrow blinks out of surprise, but soon a warm smile appears on his face as he turns to you.\
"Are you sure about this?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1062	"'X' Delivery;Arpic27"\
AvailBits: "b952 & !b953"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Sirius II (146)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You have only stepped inside the bar when you receive a message from Commander Jygin.\
"Oy, Al'Ario, we need someone to fetch a parcel from Sirius II.  Urgent, we gather."\
"But\'c9"\
"No buts.  Get moving, otherwise you might miss the person.\
\
"One last thing: try to find out who the anonymous person is, and do not open the parcel.  It could always be dangerous.  Vriller will have a team waiting for you upon your return.\
"Now go."\
\
You rush out of the bar and open a channel with Zack on the intercom.\
"Mm?," asks a tired Zack.\
"Been partying again?  Sorry, but we have to go.  Right away.  Be at the ship within five minutes."\
"What's the rush?"\
"Some urgent parcel delivery."\
"All right," he yawns through the comm device.  "I'll round up the technicians, and you get the deck officers in the know."\
\
After dispatching a good number calls and running the whole length of the main spaceport, you arrive inside your hangar.\
"What can be so urgent about a parcel?", you wonder out loud.\
"I heard the Arpia spy on New England, Jay Greyburn, might have discovered very urgent information about some big Bureau operation," answers a tired voice from behind you, startling you.\
\
You turn sharply and see Zack leaning against the doorframe.\
"So do you think it might have something to do with it?," you ask him, relieved.\
"Maybe\'c9  Who can tell?  Anyway, I need a shower.  I'll be inside the ship," he answers, slowly moving inside the <PSN>.\
\
Within a few minutes, everyone is present;\
"Bee'Misa, lift off."\
"Yes, captain.  Destination: Sirius II.  Course plotted.  Let's get this baby rocking\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1017	"Investigation on 'X';Arpib28"\
AvailBits: "((b920 | b953) | (b882 & b919)) & !(((((((b921 | b985) | (b921 | b922))) | ((b2000 | b2001) | (b923 | b924))) | ((b2002 | b2003) | (b925 | b926))) | ((b2004 | b2005) | (b927 | b927))) | (b928 | b2006))"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You enter the bar, order a Kroob Kurd, and settle down in front of a news ticker.\
You barely have the time to take a sip before something big explodes outside.  You can hear screams, glass shattered, and panic emerging.\
All inside the bar leave to see what has just happened.\
\
A cloud of black smoke rises from the Arpia HQ.  You have a look at the building and see the whole 6th floor damaged.  Ekrid!\
Emergency services come pouring in and rush into the building.  While the crowd gets bigger and bigger, the emergency services evacuate the building, lead every injured person to the medical trucks and crafts, and try to evaluate the situation.  A search begins for every single person who was in the building at the time.  After five minutes, you recognise Ekrid's unconscious body being led with all speed and all care to a medical craft that leaves to the nearest medical facility.\
The sound of disaster fills the morning\'c9\
\
After a couple of hours, a special announcement is made on the news channel.\
"After two hours of mobilisation of the whole medical staff, the medical teams have announced, very relieved, that there are no dead.  There are two people who are in a critical situation: Ekrid Malrow and Commander Aster, and the doctors are doing their best to keep them alive and well\'c9"\
And so it goes on, describing the morning events.\
"It would appear it was a package delivered by a Regular member to Ekrid Malrow yesterday evening, though Mr Malrow, despite his critical situation, has vouched for the loyalty of the Regular and made sure that no action is taken without his approval."\
\
Well, that certainly brings you great relief.  A moment later, you get a message on your beeper.\
"Ekrid Malrow wants you over at the main hospital right away."\
\
You have to go past two security barriers and checks before you are allowed near Ekrid Malrow.  A man is waiting by his side.\
Malrow opens his eyes, and motions for both of you to approach him.\
With a faint voice, he gives you his instructions.\
\
"Al'Ario, this is Durtoi.  Durtoi, Al'Ario. Durtoi is an Arpian Commander. Al'Ario is the Regular who brought the package."\
Both of you shake hands.\
"Good.  My friends, I want you to find the person, said 'X', who gave Al'Ario the package."\
Ekrid swallows as he can, then continues.  He seems to be in such pain\'c9\
"Al'Ario received the package on Sirius II.  I therefore want both of you to go there and lead your investigation.  Al'Ario, here is a fake ID for you, name of Juvenius, just in case.  We will tell Wadina where you are."\
A small struggle against the pain, and he continues.\
\
"I chose you, Durtoi, because I do not doubt you and because I know your abilities for the job.  Work as a team, and find out what you can.  You will be out there with no help.  I won't maintain contact with you either.  Just find out who did this and bring him or her to me.  And you'd better get going as fast as possible, otherwise people will have forgotten\'c9"\
He starts having a fit.  You urgently call the nearby doctors.\
\
Both of you watch and wait as the doctors fight to keep Ekrid Malrow alive and well.\
After a quarter of an hour, the main doctor comes to you, sweating like a pig.\
"It's ok.  He's asleep."\
His speech then turns into a whisper.\
"You'd better leave as quietly and as fast as possible.  Do your mission, then come back.  Good luck.  Now go."\
\
Durtoi comes aboard your ship.\
"I'm ready, Commander," you say.\
"Drop the 'Commander'.  We're in this together, as equals."\
"Ok, Durtoi.  Come on, let's get going.  As Mr Malrow said, we'd better get going or people will forget\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1063	"Scientific Request;Arpic31"\
AvailBits: "((b930 & b985) & b953) & !b954"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Trade	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 30 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Kont (315)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Ah! Al'Ario, I am glad to see you," says Aster as you enter the trade centre.\
"Hello, Commander.  How are you?  Have you recovered?"\
"Don't worry, I'm fine.  I would like to thank you for what you did for Ekrid and me.  I am very grateful indeed that you apprehended Holdor, though at the same time I am truly disappointed in him.  By the way, Argoal and Vriller are interrogating him at the moment, and his trial is scheduled for soon.\
\
"Anyway, I have a job for you.  The scientific community needs more palladium, so I thought I might as well give you this calm job, after what you went through.  To make your life a little more peaceful, and let you get away from civilisation, since Kont is far from everything.  How about it?  Are you ready to bring another thirty tons of palladium back here?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1064	"Escort scientists to UVP-018;Arpic32"\
AvailBits: "b954 & !b955"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Shipyard	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 20 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: UVP-018 (529)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Al'Ario!  Perfect!," shouts someone from across Iguine's Shipyard.  In the midst of many brand new Arpia ships, made by Iguine and his team of vessel manufacturers, you spot Commander Ungli.\
\
"Hello, Commander," you say as you get nearer to the group of people she is with.\
"Ladies and gentlemen, I think I have found you a pilot," she says to the white cloaks around.\
"Jolly good," says a moustached man with a posh accent.\
"Brilliant," says a glassy-eyed woman in an almost robotic manner.\
Scientists, all thirty of them, by the look of it.\
\
"A pilot?," you ask Ungli.\
"Yes, you see, after the probes you launched arrived back here, we decided to launch a few others in other directions, going outwards in all directions from Residio.  We have received signals from one of the probes of a planet, and we would like to know a little more about it."\
\
She nods towards the scientists.\
"These people are in need of someone to bring them to the planet, named UVP-018."\
You nod, finally seeing where this is going.\
"I know you're currently not on any kind of mission, so do you think you could take them on your ship?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1065	"New sensor test;Arpic33"\
AvailBits: "b955 & !b956"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Outfitter	Special d\'9fde ID: 299\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: Umbira (783)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Hi Al'Ario," says a familiar voice from behind you after you have entered the outfitter.\
You turn to see Ungli.\
"Hello Commander.  How are you?"\
"Not too well, I have to say.  I'm feeling a little stressed about what's happening."\
"What?  About UVP-018?"\
"No, no.  Not that.  That I am happy about.  Here, come with me to your ship.  I'll explain on the way."\
\
You follow the woman out of the outfitter and into the spaceport, and she quickly gives a few orders about an outfit through her communications device before telling you what is going on.\
"Arpia has only very recently become aware of spies in our ranks, people working for the Bureau and for the Moash.  And it seems like a fleet of new Bureau RAGE Gunboats is coming this way.  One of the traitors must have told them how to find Culuria.\
\
"We have only just detected their eminent arrival, and are preparing to receive them with a fleet of our own.  Culuria's own weaponry will also be unleashed for the first time.\
\
"Now, we already have a big enough fleet to repel them, with all the other members of Arpia preparing themselves down here to fire the sol-space weapons.  But something else needs doing.\
\
"In fact, you seem to have unknowingly helped me by entering here: I was just about to tackle the problem of finding someone reliable who hasn't been requested for the battle.\
\
"You see, ships in and around Umbira have detected readings of some kind, faint signals, but we're not too sure what they are.  Because we want to be sure it's not something that could be a danger, we need someone to take a new sensor array that has been developed and finalised this morning, half an hour ago.\
\
"Basically, take it to Umbira and Higiron, try to see if you can detect anything special.  If you do, come back here straight away, with all speed.\
\
"Understood?  Then go now.  Fly before the Bureau arrives."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1066	"Approaching the Alien;Arpic34"\
AvailBits: "b956 & !b957"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 299\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: Higiron (778)\
Cargo: 1 ton					Goal: Observe\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You wander into a deserted bar.  Gooms nods his welcome before silently leaving his cleaning kit and heading for the counter.\
"What can I do for you, Al'Ario?"\
"I'll take a cup of Hotoc, please."\
After putting a cup inside the hot chocolate machine, he hits a button, and within two seconds the cup is full.\
As you hand over your salary card, he brings the Hotoc to you.\
\
"Not many people around," you remark.\
"The regulars have all left for the Federation, and the occasional passers-by have already come and gone.  In fact, why are you here?"\
"I've been working for Aster and Ungli on the UVP-018 business."\
"Oh, is that so?  What's it like?"\
"I'm sure that once it's terraformed, it will be a great place to visit.  You should have seen the strange, giant olifantu we bumped into\'c9"\
"How big?"\
"Have you ever seen the skeleton of an elephant?"\
"The olifantu's ancestor?  Yep, I think so.  Quite tall, no?  Massive mammal?"\
"Well this thing is bigger, has six legs and two trunks.  And it's red all over."\
"No way\'c9  What a beast!"\
\
He returns your salary card, and takes a seat on the counter stool opposite you.\
"And what are you going to do now then?"\
"Vriller is supposed to contact me if he wants me to investigate more on an alien ship we discovered."\
"What?  An alien ship?  You've already seen a huge alien creature on that desolate planet, and now you're telling me there's even more to it?"\
"The ship was in space near that planet, but left towards places we have not yet discovered with the probes."\
"My gosh!  This is truly amazing!"\
\
He stares at you for a second, after which his eyes glimmer with flaming interest.\
"What was it like?"\
You take out a film viewer on which you have uploaded the few seconds of footage.\
"Crazy!  It's like a strange, small half-cut variant of the Auroran Cruiser, don't you think?"\
You chuckle.\
"It's as close to an Cruiser as I am to Am'Rosso."\
Gooms laughs out loud before waving to someone behind you.\
\
"Hello there Vriller.  Want anything before briefing Al'Ario?"\
You turn just in time to see a surprised look on the Arpia Cleaning Team leader's face.\
"How do you know about that?"\
Gooms hands the film viewer over to Vriller, who then smiles.\
"Looks like the Arpia media will get hold of a fabulous story before we can even confirm it."\
Gooms shakes his head.\
"No worries, mate.  I promise I won't tell a soul before you announce the discovery."\
\
"Al'Ario, I have discussed the matter with Ekrid, and we have decided to send you out again with more equipment and a few know-it-all geeks who will help you in establishing contact with an alien.  As soon as you find one, the geeks will transmit a whole armada of signals to it, hoping to get a peaceful response.\
\
"But I want you to know there's a chance it will respond negatively, violently.  I therefore want you to be prepared for the worst, just in case."\
"I'll do my best."\
"I'm sure you will.  You're someone we all trust and have faith in.  And by the way, if your Nunder'wan wants to join the communication party, he's welcome.  In fact, better yet: put him in charge of the geeks, I'm sure he can handle them."\
"Will do," you answer with a smile.\
\
"They will be at your ship in an hour.  Good luck, and keep a finger on the trigger."\
"Thanks Vriller.  I'll see you afterwards."\
"I hope I will, Al'Ario.  I hope I will."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1067	"Transport Terraform Team;Arpic35"\
AvailBits: "b957 & !b958"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Shipyard	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 30 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: UVP-018 (529)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Al'Ario - meet me at the shipyard.  Ungli," read the message you got on your beeper.\
Now that you are in the shipyard, you realise everyone has only just come back from Federation space: the place is crowded by ships, all come for repair.  Some are in a terrible state, others are literally falling to pieces.  Iguine, Donthori and their team are busy trying to fix what they can, while many more currences and ambulances are dropping in to fetch the wounded who remain.\
\
"I am standing inside Iguine's shipyard, and behind me you can see the horrors of the devastating battles that took place all around the Federation," you hear a nearby reporter saying, his face being patiently recorded by the camera a woman is operating.  You notice the YBC logo on it.\
"Whole fleets of ships are in the worst state we have witnessed since Arpia's creation.  Many courageous people died, and many more, wounded, are being taken to the medical facilities, as you can see."\
\
You stare, waiting to hear the part of reporting you hate the most: "conspiracy theories".  This addiction to showing the bad side of events is something you dislike strongly in the media, but this is worse, and you can feel it in the air, waiting to come down on the heads of Arpia like a guillotine.\
\
"We might ask ourselves why exactly Ekrid Malrow was not in his warship but waiting here patiently for a few people to come back alive and victorious."\
You stare now in shock.  That reporter has made the worst and biggest mistake of his life.  He is implying that a man who was recently the target of a bomb attack by one of his closest friends and who truly keeps Arpia as an entity should have left Arpia headless in this time where too many things are happening to be dealt with one at a time.  A man who has sent his greatest friends, even the one he loves above all, to lead Arpia's fleets.  That reporter has crossed the lines of liberal thinking, of freedom of press.  This kind of conspiracy theory does not have its place on a normally good network like YBC.\
\
Taking a look at the camerawoman, you notice you aren't the only one in shock.  Her mouth is wide open, and you hear her gasp.  She then nods towards something she has seen on the other side of the reporter from you, and you see what she means.\
\
Commander Aster is a dozen metres away from the reporter, who is continuing his conspiracy theory oblivious to what is happening around him.  She moves towards him, and you see the camerawoman turn off the camera.  You smile, imagining the news presentator saying: "I'm afraid we have lost our reporter", then YBC probably apologising for "the views expressed by the reporter, which were not in the least shared by YBC".\
\
The camerawoman closes her eyes as Aster reaches the reporter, and you continue staring, still in shock.\
The most powerful and most celebrated woman in Arpia throws a knee in the groin of the reporter then hits him on the neck, and he falls to the floor.\
"Try being betrayed and attacked by your friends, seeing what you have built of your own hands threatened and letting your loved one go face death.  Then you'll understand why he stayed.  And a word of advice: think before spreading your filthy theories."\
Aster then leaves to the Arpia HQ after thanking the camerawoman, "Sheila", for turning off the camera.\
\
"You all!  You witnessed this, didn't you?," cries out the reporter to all those around.\
"Witnessed what?," asks a man with contempt.\
"Nothing hapened: you just tripped and fell," says Sheila.\
The reporter looks at you in the eyes, pleading for help.\
You shake it away, and turn you back to him, giving a little advice before leaving.\
"Get back up by yourself, and avoid slippery terrain next time.  Firm ground is much safer and a better place to build upon."\
\
"Al'Ario, what took you so long?," asks Ungli as you approach her Polaris Striker.\
"A little media incident back there.  It's good to see you back all right."\
"Thanks.  Those Tichel flagships weren't too much of a threat in fact: they didn't expect to see Polaris and unknown ships joining an Auroran fleet that had just jumped in\'c9"\
"Did it go well on every front?"\
"It happened very well for Arpia, and in fact, a ship transporting Commander Krane will be back here tomorrow.  She'll be interrogated straight away, count on it.\
\
"Anyway, I want you to take the Arpia Terraforming Team to UVP-018 for them to start work right away.  Think you can handle it?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1068	"Meet Olaf Greyshoulders;Arpic36"\
AvailBits: "b958 & !b959"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Viking (157)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You drop by the bar to see if anything new has come up.  Taking a seat at the counter, you have a look at the news.\
"- and the group of Polaris telepaths and freed Vell-os have safely landed on Earth.  Among them were Mu'Randa, head of the Polaris Mu'hari caste, and Llyrell, the Vell-os considered to be the most powerful of his people.\
\
"According to high officials, many other galaxy leaders will be present at the Krane Trial, some to give testimony, others to make sure justice is carried out, and all come together in a spirit of collaboration.  Indeed, a 'Federation Rebuilding Program' is currently being prepared right here on Culuria by Arpia, the Rebellion and a few Auroran Houses."\
\
A \{G "woman clears her" "man clears his"\} throat behind you.\
"Hello, Al'Ario," says Argoal.  "I need to speak to you in private."\
"Right away, Commander", you answer, finishing your glass of orange juice.\
You follow \{G "her" "him"\} outside and into the Cleaning Team HQ, a building not far from the main Arpia HQ.\
"We need you on another job," \{G "she" "he"\} says as \{G "she" "he"\} leads you into an office not that far inside.  "Something very important."\
\
Inside the office, Vriller and Ekrid Malrow are just finishing a discussion, and once they see you, they both greet you with a warm smile.\
"Al'Ario, it is good to see you," says Vriller.\
"I gather you found Wadina a beautiful present," Ekrid says.\
<say artemis comes from bruxelles>, speaks a voice in your head.\
"I bought this female fennec in Bruxelles," you explain to Argoal and Vriller, knowing it was Ekrid who spoke to you.  "Wadina loves it."\
Vriller seems pleasently surprised, but Argoal doesn't seem convinced.\
On the contrary, \{G "she" "he"\} looks at you sternly.\
"Al'Ario\'c9  Do you have any idea in how big a scandal you would be if the media caught wind of what happened on UVP-018?"\
\
You blink in surprise, and you see Ekrid do the same.  Vriller on the other hand seems completely lost, out of the picture.\
"Ekrid, sorry, but you shouldn't hide things by manipulating \{G "his" "her"\} words.  It's plain to see for any trained telepath."\
Ekrid smiles a moment before letting out a nervous laugh.\
"I am sorry, Argoal.  I had forgotten your abilities for a moment."\
"So I see\'c9  Al'Ario, do not worry.  Your secret is safe with me, but Ekrid shouldn't go covering it in front of telepaths."\
\
"What in the universe are you talking about?," asks Vriller.  "Excuse me, but don't forget I'm not a telepath, and don't know the whole story.  Could someone please explain this to me?"\
"Sorry about that too, Vriller," says Ekrid.  "I should never have brought the subject up.  Let's take a seat.  Al'Ario, would you be kind enough to explain what happened on UVP-018, because Argoal and I only know the vague details\'c9"\
\
You quickly explain what Artemis did to the camera, her magical disappearance from inside the cage, and mention you finding her inside your suit.  You then tell them of her understanding abilities, and her great intelligence.  Afterwards, you tell them of Wadina's encounter with her.\
"By the way, what does Doctor Jeschins know?"\
"Nothing," says Ekrid.  "Just as we thought as first, he feels sure the animal has escaped the base and died because of its organism no longer being adapted to that kind of air."\
"So you're telling me you have set free this highly intelligent animal?  Here in Yubenia?"\
"Don't worry.  She's not dangerous.  I will personally vouch for her."\
\
"Why do you say 'her', and speak of this animal as of a human?," Argoal enquires.\
"She is no ordinary animal.  She is probably the most intelligent mammal we have ever discovered.  She understands everything we say, she has emotions.  She might not speak, but she will nod or shake her head when you ask a question."\
\
Your audience stays silent for a while, either studying you or looking at nothing in particular, gathering their thoughts.\
"I say it stays a secret within the highest circles of Arpia," says Ekrid.  "Argoal, let Haldora know about it, since anyway \{G "she" "he"\} is also a telepath and would otherwise find out.  No media leaks.  The vulpes zertae gentis that escaped Jeschins' grasp has died on UVP-018."\
\
He turns to you and smiles warmly.\
"Over here however, Artemis lives.  Unofficially of course.  'She'," he insists, "will be under Al'Ario's responsibility.  It will stay to that.  No experiments, no tests.  It may be a loss for science, but it already believes in this loss.  Now, I must be going."  He nods towards Argoal.  "You have a mission to give to \{G "him" "her"\}, and I am going to be late for an important meeting in my office.\
\
"So, good luck Al'Ario, and I will see you soon.  At least, I hope so.  Good-bye, Vriller and Argoal.  I hope the next operation goes well."\
And with that, he leaves.\
"Operation?," you ask the two remaining people.\
"We are planning another attack, called 'Pirate Strike'," Argoal answers.  "A big operation for Arpia, something it has been waiting for since its birth.  Vriller, I will let you explain the situation."\
\
Vriller stands up and walks to the other side of the room, where he dims the lights.  He then projects a video image of a galaxy map on the white wall facing you.\
"Quite soon, there will be the Krane Trial.  Almost everyone's eyes will be turned towards Earth," he says, highlighting the Sol system in the middle of the map, "and spies have reported that the Associated Guild of Free Traders, the largest pirate group, is going to use that distraction to raid many places around the galaxy."\
He highlights a dozen suspected target areas in Federation and Auroran space.\
\
"As you may well already know, their base is the Harbor space station in the Scheall system, here, a little to the galactic East of the Rebel I space station.  Because of their plan, Harbor will be left with a much smaller defence fleet than usual.  And that is when we will take advantage of their own situation."\
\
He then highlights the Tichel system.\
"On Viking resides the man who hates the most the Associated Guild and who best knows the Harbor space station.  His name is Olaf Greyshoulders.  Does the name ring a bell?"\
"Sure.  One of Morgan's closest friends, no?  The shipbuilder.  He runs an illegal ship outfitting activity on Viking.  What does it have to do with Harbor?"\
"You clearly know a bit, but not enough, about the Association of Free Traders.  You see, before McGowan betrayed Morgan and created the Associated Guild, the Association occupied Harbor."\
\
Argoal signals for Vriller to put the lights back on.\
"Al'Ario, we want you to make contact with Greyshoulders.  Tell him about Arpia, and show him proof of it, the ultimate proof being the fact of bringing him back here.\
\
"We need this man's help, and I'm sure he would hate to miss driving the Guild out of Harbor.  Do you understand your job?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1069	"Bring Telepaths to Kel'ar Iy;Arpic37a"\
AvailBits: "b959 & !b960"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 1 ton					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Earth (128)			ReturnStel: Kel'ar Iy (254)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Hey Al'Ario," says Bard as you enter the restaurant section of the bar.\
"Hello Bard."\
"Long time, no see\'c9"\
"Yes, I know.  I have been pretty caught up in an almost family life lately\'c9"\
"How so?," he asks, a smile on his face as he takes a seat.  "Is that about Wadina?"\
"How would you know?," you enquire, sitting down opposite him.\
"People who know you know about Wadina, and vice-versa, and those people talk together about it over here.  I'm in fact surprised the media doesn't know: gossip columnists would jump on the occasion."\
"Don't even mention them," you say, rolling your eyes, and Bard laughs in response.\
\
"Anyway, when are you going to adopt her?"\
The question catches you by surprise.\
"Adoption?"\
That isn't something you had truly thought of recently.\
"Yes, you know\'c9  Making her your legal daughter," he offers ironically.\
"Thank you, I do know what adoption is.  It's just that the thought hadn't really occured to me\'c9"\
"Well, you had better think of it, because seeing the way things seem to be going, it might be best to seriously consider it."\
\
You just stare, thinking about the implications.\
"What are the implications in fact?," you ask, not too sure yourself.\
"Well, Wadina is legally your daughter and the rightful heir to at least half your possessions; she is as much under your responsibility as she is right now.  Wadina brings you family allocations; and you are treated as a parent, which means you have new obligations, and so does she."\
\
He thinks a little before enumerating them.\
"You have a mutual obligation to respect and help each other; you, the parent, have an obligation to keep your child in a viable state, provide education and nourishment.  You therefore have to secure a certain psychological and material well being for your child.  Those are the basic rules."\
"Basic?  How do you know them?"\
Bard grins like a schoolboy.\
"Evening courses at Drigglesbothe's place.  I spend enough time doing sport and having fun here.  I feel a moral obligation to learn\'c9"\
"Your choice, my friend\'c9"\
\
"Al'Ario!"\
"Commander Argoal, how are you?"\
"Fine, thanks.  A little excited about what we're about to do, but okay besides that.  Hi Bard, how are things this morning?"\
"Well, many people have taken off to Earth, so it's more quiet than usual."\
"Sorry about that.  Gooms will not be too pleased: all these big events we are sponsoring take people away from his bar\'c9"\
"He'll manage, Argoal, he'll manage," answers Bard.\
\
"Anyway, Al'Ario, I have a job to give you before I go to Harbor: the group of Polaris telepaths who are on Earth right now will be needing a lift back to Kel'ar Iy after the Krane Trial.  Can I count on you to offer it to them?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1070	"Adoption;Arpic37b"\
AvailBits: "b960 & !b961"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: /\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You have given the adoption idea a lot of thought, and you have made your decision.  You have to see Wadina and Ekrid today, and tell them what you have decided.\
\
Since it's half past two in the afternoon, Wadina will still be in school for another hour.  You take your Ravitzov-make Pooler vehicle back home, and spend your forty minutes of free time playing music with Artemis.  She can now use her paws to play the bass line of a few songs and the melody of many others.  Lucky she has retractable claws, or the DGZ F12 Kawasi Instruments keyboard would be pretty damaged by now\'c9\
\
You then drive to the school with Artemis in the back, and join the crowd of waiting parents.  You have a special status among them, that of a mid-guardian, mid-parent.  You feel this is about to change\'c9\
As soon as Wadina leaves the school building, you take the fastest route to the Arpia HQ.\
"Why are we going to see Ekrid?," asks Wadina.\
"There is something important, that concerns you, that I want to say."\
\
Inside the sixth floor office, Ekrid greets the three of you warmly.\
"This is Artemis?  Hello, I am Ekrid Marow.  I have to admit that speaking to an animal in such a way is a first for me, so do be indulgent.  As head of Arpia, I can assure you that we will not force you into scientific experiments and let you live as peacefully as possible.  Only a few people know where you come from, and I trust them completely.  Your 'secret' is safe with us."\
He then turns to you.\
"What can I do for you?"\
\
"I was asked recently whether I was going to adopt Wadina or not, and I have given it a good deal of thought.  I wanted to tell you all right here, right now, to make it official."\
You feel the attention of all three others hanging on your every word.\
"I have decided to answer\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1071	"Save Terraform Team;Arpic38"\
AvailBits: "b961 & !b962"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Shipyard	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 0\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: 2 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: UVP-018 (529)			ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
As you enter the shipyard with Wadina and Artemis, getting ready to take them on a tour of the Federation, you realise something isn't right.  People are running in all directions, and you cross a couple of people with a look of fear on their faces.\
"What is happening, Al'Ario?," asks Wadina.\
"I don't know, princess.  But I'm sure we will soon find out."\
\
"Al'Ario, perfect timing," shouts Aster.\
"What is it?"\
"Those aliens, the 'Hogun' as we now call them, are very dangerous and have become a true threat.  I need someone to get to UVP-018 right now and bring back the Terraforming Team.  Jeschins and his team are already on their way back right now, but the terraformers are still there."\
\
You look at Wadina and Artemis.\
"I'm truly sorry, darlings, but this is a real emergency, and I would prefer it if you stayed at home.  Is that okay?"\
They both nod slowly.\
"I'll bring you back right away, and then I will have to leave.  Come on, let's go."\
\
At home, you tell Wadina to call Ekrid to say what Aster has asked you to do.\
"I will be back very soon, I promise."\
\
Inside the hangar, Zack is busy making sure everyone else is there.\
"We're still missing Bee'Misa.  It's a little understandable though, as I only had twenty minutes to call the whole crew."\
"Don't worry," you tell him.  "It will be just fine."\
\
Indeed, Bee'Misa arrives within a minute.\
"Welcome on board, my friend."\
"What's the rush?"\
"The aliens have become a threat."\
"I'm so tempted to just say: 'I told you so'\'c9"\
\
"Zack, lift off.  Route: UVP-018 in the Umbira system."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1072	"Defend Culuria from alien invasion;Arpic39"\
AvailBits: "b962 & !b963"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Outfitter	Special d\'9fde ID: 300\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 18\
CombatRating: /				System: Initial\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Al'Ario, it is a relief to see you."\
"Hello Ekrid."\
"I have just given instructions to the Commanders, and I feel we might stand a chance against these Hogun."\
"Why did you want to see me?"\
"Because Arpia has made a discovery that concerns Wadina.  She should arrive soon enough: Vriller has gone to fetch her from your house."\
\
As you wait, you cannot help but wonder what discovery could concern Wadina\'c9  It is only when you hear the word "Kristala" uttered by someone passing by that you see the link.  Kristala must have discovered something important, and it has lead to something else.  But what?\
\
A wave of Regulars and Warriors then comes to the outfitter, demanding Kristala Reactors and NuGen integration systems.\
"You will have to wait a minute," shouts Ekrid Malrow.  "Sales will start after Kristala's child has received the first model."\
Silence befalls the crowd, and you realise why Ekrid wants you present.\
\
"There she is," says someone, and the whole crowd turns towards young Wadina, who is lead by Vriller over towards Ekrid and you.\
"Al'Ario," says your little princess with relief as you take her in your arms for a hug.  "Why are those people all looking at me?  It makes me feel nervous."\
"You are about to receive as a present your mummy's newest invention.  You will be the first to see it\'c9"\
\
"Mummy's newest invention?  She isn't dead?"\
"Before she passed away, she invented something incredible, and scientists like your mummy have now made it into something very useful for all the adults like me."\
"That's right," says Ekrid.  "But you will get more than just that.  You will receive the very first being your mummy created."\
The whole crowd gasps.  The very first NuGen\'c9  The founding stone of this incredible technology.\
\
"What does this invention do?"\
"It makes ships go faster and go further in space.  That's what we call the 'Kristala Reactor'.  But scientists also managed to use your mummy's invention to make spaceships stronger.  It is going to help us against our enemies."\
"But my mummy would never have wanted to do anything bad to other people," says Wadina, a little confused.\
The remark leaves the whole crowd silent and stunned by the sheer innocence of it all.\
\
Finally, Ekrid finds the right way to answer.\
"You are right, Wadina, but we are using it to protect us.  This is not a weapon.  Your mummy's invention is used to try to make sure no one from Arpia dies today."\
You can tell from the look on her face that she is not at all convinced, but she accepts the answer nonetheless.\
\
Seeing her resignence, Ekrid decides to get on with the show, taking in his hands a spherical container with a chromosome-shaped NuGen floating inside.  The whole crowd gasps in astonishment as light reflects on its shiny surface.\
"Wadina, in the name of Arpia, I would like to pass on to you the very first NuGen.  Put it at home, and keep it safe.  It is probably the greatest creation man has made so far, and this here is the base upon which our new technology is built."\
\
Ekrid then motions to a docking truck to come over to where he stands.  The platform it carries is only occupied by one large oval container covered by a white sheet.\
"I give you\'c9 the Kristala Reactor," he shouts, taking the sliding the sheet off.\
\
In front of you is the strangest thing you have ever seen.  A green "thing", looking like algae, spreads in many directions and wobbles inside the container.  In some places you see the shiny green the NuGen is composed of, but most of the surface is dull and opaque.\
"When NuGen come together in quantities like this, their surface starts becoming solid, but the inside remains the same.  This special behaviour indicates a maximum amount of NuGen one can contain in a certain place.  Scientists are still trying to understand this fully.\
\
"But I can assure you that this reactor works, and it is fully trustworthy.  Do not be fooled by looks.  What is inside is most stable and is NuGen.  This particular one will be fitted inside the ship belonging to captain Al'Ario, Wadina's \{b978 "lawful parent" "guardian"\}, but there are many more available in the outfitting boutiques.\
\
"Now, if you will excuse me, I have a battle to prepare.  And I think you do too\'c9  Good luck to you all, may your respective God or gods be favourable to your fight."\
You see him grin.  He is going in for the end of his speech, a progression good enough to make anyone follow him to the end of the universe.\
"Arpia one day, Arpia every day!  Fight for yourself, fight for your family, fight for your friends, fight for your nation, fight for humanity!  Now let's show those Hogun what we're made of!"\
\
The crowd's roars are deafening, and you lead Wadina away from the outfitter, into your Pooler, and to your house.  She is holding the NuGen container in her hands, eyes locked on this fascinating being.\
"You should be proud of your mummy: even in death, she has given hope to people around her.  Arpia will win this war, I am sure, and it will be thanks to her."\
"I am very proud of Mummy."\
"Very good.  Now, Wadina, I have to go fight the Hogun aliens Ekrid talked about.  I will be back very soon, I promise."\
"Artemis and I will be waiting for you."\
"That's my girl, and my other girl\'c9  Have fun: the house is yours for the day.  Good-bye!"\
"Good-bye Al'Ario!  I love you, \{b978 "my new 'lawful parent'" "even as a guardian"\}!"\
"I love you too, sweetie\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1073	"Join army to attack fleet;Arpic40a"\
AvailBits: "b963 & !b964"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: 300\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 12\
CombatRating: /				System: Higiron (778)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
After making sure Wadina and Artemis will have everything they need at home, and after promising your return, you head over to the bar.\
It is completely packed this time, and it takes you a good ten minutes before Gooms is ready to serve you.\
\
"What can I get you?"\
"I'll take a Jibby Flippy, please."\
As he mixes one for you, you ask why there are so many people.\
"Well, it's going to be an even harder battle than yesterday, so most people want to spend what could be their last hours here having a drink with a bunch of friends.  Why are you here?"\
"To find out what's going to happen," you say with a smile.\
\
"Lucky I listen to the morning news, my friend.  There is a large fleet in the Higiron system, and that's where you're going.  All of you.  The rest is completely classified, I gather."\
"What's awaiting us?"\
"What's left of the Hogun aliens, which is more than you met here in Residio\'c9"\
\
At 10 sharp, a message ordering all ships to leave for the Higiron system can be heard throughout Yubenia.\
"And know that this time, they will know how we fight.  Be prepared for anything, and blow them out of our galaxy," says Ekrid's voice in this message.\
"I have faith in you all, and feel confident enough to say that Arpia shall live for years to come.  Thank you all, and give them hell."\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 HERE: storyline pause (40 days or so)
\f3\b0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1077	"Code-name: Frandall;Arpic41"\
AvailBits: "(b901 & b964) & !b965"\
AvailLoc: 
\f2\i \ul non
\f3\i0 \ulnone  Arpia G\'9avt (196) - Bar	Special d\'9fde ID: /\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: /\
CombatRating: /				System: /\
Cargo: /						Goal: /\
TravelStel: Culuria (518)			ReturnStel: Rebel II (421)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You are about to open the ship doorway when Zack calls out.\
"Al'Ario!  We have a message from Ekrid Malrow!"\
You swiftly make your way to the bridge, following Artemis and Wadina who have begun running ahead.\
\
"Read this," says your second-in-command.\
"To all Regulars," starts the message, "this is Ekrid Malrow.  Please make your way to Culuria with all speed.  This is an emergency."\
You stare at the message for a moment.\
"What do we do, Al'Ario?"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1079	"Find Transports;Arpic43"\
AvailBits: "b966 & !(b968 | b967)"\
AvailLoc: Tre'ar Illini (230) - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: 285\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 1\
CombatRating: /				System: NGC-0500 (201)\
Cargo: 1 ton					Goal: Rescue\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
"Thank you all," comes a message from the captain of the leading transport.  "Though two got lost, I'm afraid.  Come over to my ship and I'll tell you what to do next."\
\
You meet the four other Regulars on the way, and they all know what this is about.\
"Didn't you notice?  Two transports are missing.  No sign of them."\
"I was behind most of the time, and didn't count enough," you reply, a little embarassed.\
"I'm sure we'll be able to find them, don't worry," says the older Regular.\
\
"Thanks for the escort, captains," says the leader of the rebel transports.  "But you may know we lost contact with two other ships."\
"I am to blame, I think," you say sheepishly.\
"Good on you taking the blame, I have to say.  Though the captains of the ships themselves are also to blame, seeing how they knew where to go."\
\
He checks a log before turning back to you.\
"Captain, it would seem that one sent a transmission from the NGC-0500 system, and one using the hypergate system got lost and could be somewhere around Dani space.  According to General Smart, there are reports that some Moash have been roaming around Dani space, so there is always a possibility they took hold of the transport.  We wouldn't want that.\
\
"I would recommend starting by the NGC-0500 system, finding out what happened to that transport.  After that, go to Dani, look around, and find out what you can.  If the Moash have indeed taken the transport, find it, free the men and you are fully authorised to kill any Moash who might pose a threat."\
"I will find them, captain."\
"You best do so\'c9"\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1080	"Find Transports;Arpic43b"\
AvailBits: "b967 & !b968"\
AvailLoc: Dani (325) - Bar			Special d\'9fde ID: 161\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 5\
CombatRating: /				System: TravelStel's system\
Cargo: 15 tons					Goal: /\
TravelStel: Moash (380)			ReturnStel: Tre'ar Illini (230)\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
Zack goes with you into the bar.\
You order a couple of Hilka beers, then settle down, and fake a conversation while listening to what is going on around you.\
\
"Did you hear, Derikroen?", goes a Dani warrior talking to another.  "The Moash did a raid last night around the capital because there was some ship from Fed space that took a wrong turn taking the hypergate.  I gather they took it to their capital because they want to question the poor bastards who were inside\'c9  I pity them, man."\
\
You both leave the bar once your drinks are finished.\
"I suppose we should go there then.  Shall we?" asks Zack with a smile.\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\

\f2\i Begin m\'95sn
\f3\i0 \
m\'95sn	1082	"Operation Firestorm;Arpic45a"\
AvailBits: "b969 & !b908"\
AvailLoc: Culuria's variants - Spaceport	Special d\'9fde ID: 161\
Avail%: 100					Special ships: 15\
CombatRating: /				System: Creyt (350)\
Cargo: /						Goal: Destroy\
TravelStel: /					ReturnStel: Initial\
\'a5 Begin d\'91sc Offer\
You recognise Argoal's unmistakable silhouette from the bridge of the <PSN> as you land.  Taking the data-cube in hand, you go meet \{G "her" "him"\} right away.\
\
"Al'Ario, my friend, I gather you have something for me?"\
"Yes, Commander.  It comes directly from Tre'ar Illini," you say, handing over the data-cube.\
"Good.  Very good.  I will take a look at that, and prepare the operation."\
\
"What is it you will prepare?"\
"All the forces of Arpia present on Culuria will leave to confront the Moashi fleet.  Be ready tonight: at midnight we take off."\
"Tonight?  At midnight?  All of Arpia?"\
"Yes, I'm sorry Al'Ario, but that is indeed 'all of Arpia'.  Without exception."\
"But who will protect Culuria?"\
"Scientists with great weaponry knowledge will be placed in front of the commands to the Culuria defence mechanisms.  Wadina and Artemis will be safe, do not worry."\
\
"I'm sorry, Wadina and Artemis," you tell them once you are at home, "but I have to go this evening: we have another war to end."\
"Another battle?  Why do you have to fight a lot these days?," asks Wadina, sulking a little.\
"Because there is a nasty man called Frandall who wants to rule over the whole galaxy.  He wants to kill everyone who works for Arpia and everyone who has been in the Rebellion, you know, those people we have been transporting recently."\
"I don't want you to fight."\
\
Artemis barks a few things and also does a bit of her new sign language, and the palm computer vibrates in your pocket, indicating it has translated the barks.  Nowadays, you keep it on just in case.  And this is a moment where it comes in useful.\
You pick it out to read, and Wadina continues.\
"Artemis says that she only wants you to fight if you promise it's the very last time."\
You aren't really paying attention, and what she says only fully registers in your mind as you read the translation.\
"- I want you to fight if you say last time -", reads the screen.\
\
You look up and into Wadina's eyes.\
"You\'c9  You understand Artemis!"\
"Of course!  When you are not there, we talk a lot, and I learn languages fast, remember?"\
You almost collapse to your knees.  This girl understands the most intelligent mammal in the galaxy.\
"This is amazing!"\
"Is it?"\
"It is, I can assure you.  This is wonderful."\
\
You stare in wonder for a moment.\
"Wadina and Artemis, you don't ever stop surprising me.   Come give me a hug.  I love you two\'c9  And I promise I will not fight a single other war.  You have my word."\
"I love you too, Al'Ario," says Wadina.\
Artemis licks her paw and lays it on your heart.\
It's good to feel loved\'c9\
\
At eight in the evening, you tuck them in bed, after making sure Donthori and Sarah will be able to drop by the house during your absence, the same for Maria Barkle and Reynold Yungfor.\
\
You then join your crew in your hangar 2D, A terminal.  You contemplate the hangar, feeling that this may well be the last time you depart from its walls.\
"Four hours to kill, folks.  Who's up for multiplayer chess?"\
\
At half past eleven, Argoal gives all captains a briefing.\
"We will split into five groups.  One will go the the Biri system and will fight, alongside the Vella, a Moash fleet of 10 carriers or so that are going to be in the system.\
\
"Group two takes the fight to the Iris system with help from the Dechtakars.  The third group takes the Vantra system, and Dani forces will join them there.  The Tekel will join the fourth group in the Creyt system.  I will lead the fifth to the Moash system, and we will receive the assistance of Heraan ships."\
\
\{G "She" "He"\} then projects a list of names on a screen.\
"See what group you are in, and get ready for lift off."\
You see your name figuring in the fourth group.  Tekel help, Creyt system.  Got it.\
\
Spot on midnight, you lift off, along with a whole fleet of other ships, into the night.  Last war, last time to fight.  Let's get it right and over with\'c9\
\'a5 End d\'91sc Offer\
End m\'95sn\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b \cf0 END OF REGULAR MEMBER STORYLINE\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f3\b0 \cf0 Info for developers and/or people capable of reading pilotlogs (and therefore helping out those who are lost in the storylines):
\f0\b \
\
m\'95sn ID ranges:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f4\b0 \cf0 919 - 1001 Public\
934: choose future\
938: public/shadow\
1002 - 1043 Shadow\
1044 - 1087 Regular\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f5\b \cf0 Special bits:
\f4\b0 \
b882: Jullin dead\
b908: End of string\
b970: new tech items\
b971: Kristala + NuGen avail\
b972: Map owned\
b973: Access to Rebel tech\
b974: Access to Polaris tech\
b975: Access to Auroran tech\
b976: Access to Dr Ralph tech\
b977: Normal value Kristala + NuGen\
b978: Wadina adopted\
b979: married\
b980: primary systems explored\
b981: secondary systems explored + nugeneration ships\
b982: tertiary systems explored\
b983: UVP-018 terraformed, Recompense avail, Scheall hypergate done\
b984: attempt on Ekrid's life\
b985: X resolved\
b987: accepted Jullin escort\
b988: Honun dead\
b989: Scheall arpian\
b990: Culuria destroyed\
b991: Culuria restored\
b992: access to all KCadoeau outfits\
b993: dead\
b994: revived by Superzero\
\
b2029 - bought Kilmura\
b2030 - access to larger normal (+ Gwaark) deliveries\
b2031 - access to larger Reb deliveries\
b2032 - access to larger Aur deliveries\
b2033 - access to larger Pol deliveries\
b2075 - Fallen Angel is player's\
\
\

\f5\b Mission map:
\f4\b0 \
(if in 
\f5\b bold
\f4\b0 , percent chance that player will die "planetside")\
	Regular				Shadow				Public\
\
1			-----------	Pirate Hunt I	 ----------\
\
2			-----------	Pirate Hunt II	 ----------\
\
3			-----------	Pirate Hunt III	 ----------\
\
4			-----------	Pirate Hunt IV	 ----------\
\
5			-----------	Pirate Hunt V	 ----------\
\
6			-----------	Pirate Hunt VI	 ----------\
\
7			----------- 	Recover stolen goods	----------\
\
8			-----------	Gwaark Bacteria Delivery ---------\
\
9			-----------	ATTN: Al'Ario (delivery)	---------\
\
10			-----------	Pirate Raid I	----------\
\
11			-----------	Food Delivery	----------\
\
12			-----------	Pirate Raid II	----------\
\
13			-----------	ATTN: Al'Ario (delivery)	----------\
					---- Arpia cargo misn avail ----\
\
14			-----------	Choose your future	----------\
\
15	System opposite Residio		-- Pirate Raid III --\
						   ---- Pirate Raid+Hunt misn avail ----\
\
16	Launch exploration probe	  -- Investigate possible problem --\
		(Korell)\
\
17	Launch exploration probe	Slave-runners I			Ekrid Malrow\
		(Uriall)		\
\
18	Courier job (recording) to	Slave-runners II		Contact Rebels +\
	Sirius International Court						Bring Rebel Info\
					---- b973 : Rebel tech enabled ----\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 19	Courier job to Aurora 	Analyse Rebel Info		
\f5\b Rescue Rebel & Insert
\f4\b0 \
			(warning)							
\f5\b Jay
\f4\b0  + Bring Spy Back\
\
20	Scientist request: cargo in
\f5\b 	Drug dealers I
\f4\b0 			Go to Kel'ar Iy + Go to\
	Polaris space (+ kids)	(investigate Outbound)	Culuria\
					---- b974 : Polaris tech enabled ----\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 21	Pirate Raid III	(with		Drug dealers II			Pirate Raid IV (with\
	Commander)			(intercept shipment)		first Wingmen) + V\
	- Pirate Raid+Hunt misn avail -					- silent misn wingmen -\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 22	Bring tech to Rebels		Contacting Possible
\f5\b 		Contact possible new
\f4\b0 \
						New Recruit (Georgia)
\f5\b 	recruit (Ormond: 324)
\f4\b0 \
	- reb cargo misn avail -\
\
23	Scientist request: cargo in	Test New Recruit		Test New recruit\
		Polaris space		(Simpson)				(Palein: 328)\
	- b980: new systems -\
	- pol cargo misn avail -\
			- b970 activated: new outfits made available -\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 24	Test-drive new hyperspace  
\f5\b Drug dealers III
\f4\b0  (find	Go to Kel'ar Iy\
	routes					& arrest Drug Baron)	(show tech)\
					---- b976 : Dr Ralph tech enabled ----\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 25	Children School trip to	Head for New England	Go to random Polaris\
	Earth & Aurora				(meet Jay)			(show tech)\
	guardianship of Wadina	- b980: new systems navigable -\
\
26	Scientist request: cargo	Pirate Raid VI (with		Go to Rebel II + land\
		in Heraan space	first wingmen)			on Heraan\
	- aur cargo misn avail -	\
					---- b975 : Auroran tech enabled ----\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 27	Courier: "X"			Pirate Raid VII (with		Warn Rimertan Council +\
						next wingmen)			meet Eamon Flannigan\
						- silent misn wingmen -\
\
28	Help investigation on "X"	Investigation on "X"		Receive Training from\
											Karlaekaar\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 29	Help investigation on "X"	Investigation on "X"		Head to Nil'ar Kemorya\
\
30	
\f5\b Help investigation on "X" Investigation on "X"
\f4\b0 	Return to Culuria\
								      ---- abort 1125 ----\
\
31	Scientist request: cargo	"X" Trial				Meet with Jay\
		on Kont\
	- b981: new systems navigable + new generation ships made available -\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 32	Escort scientists to 		Slave-runners III (hunt	Fetch Traitors (1 + 2)\
	UVP-018				down Runners)\
\
33	New sensor test (+ alien	Defend Arpian Space	Defend Arpian Space\
	sighting)\
\
34	Try to approach alien	Dogfight + 
\f5\b Bring Krane
\f4\b0 	Dogfight + 
\f5\b Bring Krane
\f4\b0 \
						
\f5\b To Culuria
\f4\b0 			
\f5\b To Culuria
\f4\b0 \
\
35	Bring Terraform team to	Interrogation: Krane		Fetch Llyrell + Bring\
		UVP-018			(go back to earth)		Telepaths to Earth\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
36	Meet Olaf Greyshoulders	
\f5\b Slave-runners IV
\f4\b0  (end	Bring Leaders & Krane to Sol\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	(get info on Harbor)		of trade)\
\
37	Bring Telepaths to Kel'ar Iy 
\f5\b Pirate Strike
\f4\b0  (Scheall)	Bring Telepaths to Kel'ar Iy\
				+ Back Home			---- abort 1126 ----\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	- adoption of Wadina -\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf0 38	Save Terraform team	Alert Polaris of alien		Alert Federation of alien\
						threat (Tre'illica)		threat (Altia)\
\
39	Defend Culuria from alien	Defend Culuria from		Defend Culuria from alien\
	invasion				alien invasion			invasion\
				if refuse, then starts silent mission with 30 alien\
				ships there to destroy you\
						- b982: new systems navigable -\
\
40	Join army to attack fleet	
\f5\b Covert ops on alien
\f4\b0 		Destroy Alien main ship\
						
\f5\b homeworld
\f4\b0 \
				if refuse, then starts silent mission with 30 alien\
				ships there to destroy you\
\
41	Code-name: Frandall	Code-name: Frandall	Code-name: Frandall\
	+ head to Rebel II		+ head to Rebel II		+ head to Rebel II\
\
42	Escort transports to		Defend Rebel II			Defend Rebel II\
	Tre'ar Illini\
\
43	Find transports			Find transports			Gather up supporters\
\
44	Courier Job: bring info to	Prepare covert ops team	
\f5\b Challenge Frandall
\f4\b0 \
	Culuria\
\
45	Operation Firestorm		
\f5\b Operation Firestorm
\f4\b0 	Operation Firestorm\
	(attack Moash)			(destroy Bureau)		(attack Frandall)\
}